Stamina is the energy you use to perform various actions such as attack, block, parry, roll or sprint, so stamina is an extremely important element of combat. Stamina regenerates when you stop using these actions. That makes escaping and regaining a very important part of the combat system. If you have your shield raised to block, your stamina is regenerated slower. So keep your shield down when it's safe to do so. When you run out of stamina, you can't use the actions listed above plus you can't switch weapons (even though it doesn't normally cost stamina to do so). It is also possible to temporarily have negative stamina if you activate a high stamina cost action when you only have a little stamina remaining. This will make your stamina bar stay at zero for longer, and leave you vulnerable. Keep your eye on the stamina bar always!
Clicking in the right controller stick on either the XBox or PS3 will lock to your nearest enemy provided they are within range. If there are multiple enemies, you can switch your target by moving the right stick left or right after you are locked on. Locking on makes it easier for you to hit your desired target. Locking on also locks your movement towards your target and makes it harder to be aware of your surroundings while fighting, so be aware when you lock-on. The key is to know when to switch to lock-on and off.
Critical strikes are attacks which deal much higher damage based on your equipped weapon's critical modifier.  The higher the modifier, the more damage will be done upon a critical strike Dagger weapons all have higher critical modifiers then all other weapons. Critical strikes are backstabs and riposte.
Attacking an enemy from their back at close range will lead to a powerful backstab attack. Backstab attacks deal a huge amount of damage, so it’s always worth trying to do. The attack animation lasts for a short while, but you're invincible while in the animation. Most enemies can be backstabbed, usually humanoid type enemies. Some unique enemies like the Fang Boar in Undead Parish cannot be backstabbed.
If you are using a light or medium shield (or certain types of weapon equipped in the left hand), you can parry incoming melee attacks by pressing L2 (on PS3) or the Left Trigger (on Xbox 360) right as a blow is about to land and hit you. Most heavier shields will not permit you to parry and instead will activate a shield bash, so make sure you have an appropriate shield before attempting to parry. Successfully doing so will cancel the enemy's attack and cause them to stagger in a unique animation leaving them open for a riposte attack. Parries are an advanced technique and hence will require practice to master, and there are points one should note to understand the action and make best use of it:
Certain enemy attacks cannot be parried - for example, some two handed attacks cannot be parried.
Different enemies and their various forms of melee attack have different sized windows of opportunity in which you can successfully parry them.
The speed at which you are able to perform the parry move will depend on the shield in use. There is the Fast Parry delivered by small shields, Special Parry delivered by the Buckler, Target Shield, and Parrying Dagger, and standard parry delivered by every other form of parry. 
If you fail your timing you will be left wide open to the enemy as well so it's very risky to try it on powerful enemies.
Parrying slightly out of time or attempting to parry an arrow or an attack that can't be parried will result in a Partial Parry. The enemy will hit you but part of the damage (60~70%) will be prevented.
While practicing the technique, you can hold down the block button and press the parry button. 
Parries on computer enemies are generally not subject to lag and can be accomplished based on visual cues tied to when the attack is about to strike you. In PvP, however, player network lag can make parries a little difficult to land, and the attempt to parry must often be made before your opponent even begins to swing (at least from what you see on your screen, due to the lag). These are usually referred to as "prediction parries" where you parry based on your prediction that the opponent is about to swing at you. Players learning how to parry should therefore first practice the basic concepts and techniques on computer enemies, with the understanding that learning to parry other players is an even more challenging and advanced skill.
After successfully parrying an enemy attack, signified by a unique sound effect and the sight of your attacker staggering, if you rapidly follow with a normal attack and are close enough to the enemy, a riposte will be performed. Ripostes are even deadlier versions of critical attacks than backstabs and can easily kill enemies in one strike. Similar to backstabs, the riposte animation will make you invulnerable for a brief period of time, which can be invaluable if you are facing multiple opponents.
When you are subjected to a status attack (e.g., poison), a status bar will appear on the bottom of the screen and begin to fill. The size of the bar is tied to your resistance to the aliment being inflicted. If the bar completely fills you will suffer the effect of the status. The bar will slowly recover so long as you are not being affected by the status attack, so if for example you are facing poisonous terrain with various islands of clear ground, you can wait on each patch of dry land for your poison status bar to recover before continuing on, and thereby avoid being poisoned. Most of the below aliments are more commonly encountered when facing computer enemies and environmental hazards, but there are some items that enable players to inflicted status effects on one other (with the exception of Curse).
Poison: Deals damage over time for its duration and cuts all healing in half. While the damage over time isn't especially dangerous, as it's a low value, the heal cut can be life threatening.
Toxic: Deals very high damage over time. If left unchecked, it can easily kill the player in less than 20 seconds. Cure it as soon as possible.
Curse: Instantly kills the player and cuts the remaining HP in half after the player returns to their previous bonfire. As of patch 1.05, Curse doesn't stack (you may get cursed while cursed, but your HP won't be halved again). If cursed, your best option is to seek a cure quickly. The HP reduction only affects standard HP; HP gained from rings/buffs won't be affected. Curse may be cured by a Purging Stone item, or by an NPC named Ingward located deep in the New Londo Ruins. It is wise to always carry a few Purging Stones, as being cursed can make it difficult to return to a vendor or Ingward if you do not have a cure handy.
Bleeding: Bleeding deals medium instant damage. This damage ignores armor and goes straight to the HP. Fast attacking weapons like Bandit's Knife or Katanas can easily inflict 1~2 bleeding effects in one combo. Prevent constant hits to avoid taking this damage. When the Bleeding gauge is full, it takes 30% of your maximum health, and sometimes 50% if a special weapon is used.
Poise: A very important statistic which determines your ability to resist having your "form broken" -- namely having your own actions interrupted when you are struck by an attack. With low poise, you will be more easily (and sometimes always) staggered when struck by an attack, which can interrupt your own attack or spell cast, and possibly subject you to a fatal "stunlocking" if your opponent has sufficient stamina and speed to keep hitting you and preventing you from moving. Working like other Status Resistances, there is a invisible bar that fills with the attacks you receive (the strength of the attack changes how much it fills) and when filled you will be staggered by the attack. Small weapons like daggers are greatly affected by Poise as they will rarely stagger an enemy, while great swords and other big weapons are mostly unaffected by it as a single strike will be able to stagger foes even with high Poise. Poise is affected by your equipped armor, and also by the Wolf Ring. Each wearable item has a Poise rating which may be viewed in its statistics. Your overall Poise rating, which may be viewed in the upper right hand corner of your Character information screen, is the sum of all the Poise ratings of your equipment. As a general rule of thumb, light gear has 0 poise, while heavy armor often provides significant Poise. Many players seek to have at least 52 poise to ensure they cannot be staggered by the first attack of all but the heaviest of weapons, while a poise of 77 should prevent a player from being stunned by the first attack of any weapon, including ultra greatswords. Even with very high Poise, however, it is still possible to be staggered or even knocked down by certain magical attacks or other effects.
Strength is required for the majority of the weapons to wield. It is a weapon damage modifier and controls the player's Attack Power that increase your damage output for weapons that has strength scaling. More strength points is required for larger and heavier weapons to wield. Strength does NOT affect your weapon swing speed.
I'm so tired of being here
Suppressed by all my childish fears
Magical spell
Turn heaven to hell
Light climbs up to my battery cell
Witchery evolves by trial
Aim for dream, I was your only shot
Despite so, again I failed
I've been waiting for this moment to come
The pink disappears and the black creeps upon
Always the same
Nothing will change
I've been waiting for this moment to come
The green disappears and the purple moves on
And if you have to leave, I wish that you would just leave
'Cause your presence still lingers here
And it won't leave me alone
Always the same
Unless I change
All the life, ah all the life
Leaking out from the slots on my face
All the love, ah all the love
Leaking out from the slot on my wrist
All the truth, ah all the truth
Leaking out from the slot in my head
All the love, ah all the love
Leaking out from the slot on my chest
The magical potion of reanimation
Bittersweet cranberry flavoured euphoria
Rise from bed my darling
So I can see you again
So I can kill you again
My brains accelerate
And I'll
Reassemble you again
The witches can't be loved
So bravely I fought
They fell and failed
My Lady doesn't wilt
Poisoned sandwich tea party starts now
Eat up
If you're lucky you won't rot
Eat up
Switch on the power line , remember to put on protection
Lay down your pieces and let's begin object creation
Fill in my data parameters intialization
Set up our new world and let's begin the simulation

If I'm a set of points then I will give you my dimension
If I'm a circle then I will give you my circumference
If I'm a sine wave then you can sit on all my tangents
If I approach infinity then you can be my limitations

Switch my current to AC to DC
And then blind my vision so dizzy so dizzy
Oh we can travel to A.D to B.C
And we can unite so deeply so deeply

If I can , If I can give you all the stimulation
Then I can , then i can be your only satisfaction
If I can make you happy , I will run the execution
Though we are trapped in the strange strange simulation

If I'm an eggplant then I will give you my nutrients
If I'm a tometo then I will give you my antioxidants
If I'm a tabby cat then I will purr for your enjoyment
If I'm the only god then you're the proof my existence

Switch my gender to F to M
And then do whatever from AM to PM
Oh switch my role to S to M
So we can enter the trance the trance

If I can , If I can feel your vibrations
Then I can , then I can finally be completion
Though you have left you have left
You have left you have left
You have left you have left me in isolation

If I can , If I can erase all the pointless fragments
Then maybe , then maybe you won't leave me so disheartened
Challenging your god , you have made some illegal arguements

Execution execution execution execution
Execution execution execution execution
Execution execution execution execution
Ein dos trois ne fem liu execution

If I can , If I can give them all the execution
Then I can , then I can be your only execution
If I can have you back , I will run the execution
Though we are trapped , we are trapped ah

I've , I've studied how to properly love
Question me question me I can answer all love
I know the algerbratic expression of love
Though you are free , I am trapped , trapped in love
It's your turn
Eat till you drop
Eat up
Maybe this time you'll be caught
Eat up
Fill your stomach till it pops
Eat up
Eat it all just eat it all
Cause there's no poison after all
I've cleared mountains and dungeons
Iron maiden
My Lady has spoken
Galahad, you will shall never collapse
So I charged up my lasers
That makes your bones stronger than steel
That backs up your thoughts to the cloud
Truth or false
It's the logic that dictates it all
Rising edge ticks the clock
Stimulates you flip-flop
Generate
Oscillate
Let your blood fill the gates
Multiplex
Process registration
Wipe off your pus
Grind down your vitamins
The end justifies the means
Open the book
Turn to page 617 — Scientific Witchery
Someday
What seems to be endless
Pointless; colorless
It’s a mess, you know, this hopeless life of mine
No friends to be with
I’m really so jealous
Of all the beautiful colors of yours!

Heavy shadows, scary nightfall erase all the lines I’ve got
I want to scream but can’t open my mouth!
A broken piece of chalk is enough to connect the dots
Because I’m still alive there must be a meaning, right?

People
In this world are colorful, the ugly and the beautiful
Make up colors in this world
Hey
Just pick up your pencil, crayons
And be colorful!
I’m sure this world is wonderful!

Showered in happiness
My blossoming friendship
It’s a bless. I know your kindness led my way
'Cause of my wariness
I was so blinded
From all the unusual colors of mine

To think that I was so scared over nothing at all
I guess I was too young to know myself
In the future even if my lines are all tangled up
I'll still be alive, and that's what matters, right?
Even though I may not be able to erase all my mistakes
I can paint on another page
Because everyone around you have always lived that way
There’s so much to your life!
Everything will be all right!
Sparkling water connected to the sky
And your hair goes free
Dancing in the sea breeze
Your eyes are sapphires
Messages inside my heart-shaped bottle
Poem out of thousand words
Tender desires
One two three
Follow me
Adelante
Four five six
Atrás
Take my hand
Spin and spin
Forget all your worries
Spin and spin
Forget your identity
Step on my shoulders
Do you see the new lovely lonely empty heavenly world?
Captivating hypnotizing fascinating utopia
Set your sails
Age of Discovery
Godspeed into your dreams
Topaz cannons
Jasper shells
Amethyst submarines
Sinking spaceship falls out into the sky
And your life goes free
Dancing in vacuity
Your tears are rubies
Bursting in the sky
Shimmering twilight
Galaxies ignite
Stars shall never rise
People, people
In this world are colorful, the ugly and the beautiful!
Make up colors in this world
Hey, just pick up your pencil, crayons
And be colorful
Because this world is wonderful!
People
In this world are incredible, so strong and so admirable!
Each one is a miracle
Hey, just pick up your pencil, crayons
And stay colorful!
You see? This world is wonderful!


I'll conquer the land have you slayed
Blast away
Blast away
Don't be like Lancel0t
You are the new upgrade
I appriciate your thoughts
But you've given me too much to tolerate
I've done so much for you
But you treat me this way
No forgiveness for this endless love
My goddess never looked at me
Finally our wounds closed
Our wounds closed
Turned into
Purple scabs
Kiss me tenderly gently violently
There's no undo and there's no repeat
Can't go back to how we used to be
There's no restart but only proceed
Take up from where we've left off and see
These wounds won't seem to heal
This pain is just too real
There's just too much that time cannot erase

When you cried I'd wipe away all of your tears
When you'd scream I'd fight away all of your fears
And I held your hand through all of these years
But you still have all of me

You used to captivate me by your resonating light
Now I'm bound by the life you've left behind
Your face it haunts my once pleasant dreams
Your voice it chased away all the sanity in me

These wounds won't seem to heal
This pain is just too real
There's just too much that time cannot erase

When you cried I'd wipe away all of your tears
When you'd scream I'd fight away all of your fears
And I held your hand through all of these years
But you still have all of me

I've tried so hard to tell myself that you're gone
But though you're still with me
I've been alone all along

When you cried I'd wipe away all of your tears
When you'd scream I'd fight away all of your fears
And I held your hand through all of these years
But you still have all of me
Most weapons require a minimum strength level to be wielded properly.
Two-handing the weapon will give a 50% strength bonus, affecting both the weapon requirements and damage modifier.
If you do not meet the minimum strength required, the weapon damage is decreased and the moveset is altered to a single slow swing.
Strength is the only stat that affects the moveset, but not meeting the Dexterity, Intelligence or Faith requirements of the weapon will make it rebound upon contact, and also decrease the damage.
Strength is especially useful for Ultra Greatswords, Axes and Great Axes, Hammers and Great Hammers.
It's an in-game statistic that increases your resistance to being staggered or stun-locked as an effect of taking hits from opponents. 

Staggered: an enemy's attack interrupts your action. High poise will allow you to perform an action to completion despite being hit by enemies in their course (example: swinging a slow weapon, or casting spells).
Stun-locked: an enemy's attacks causes you to temporarily be paralyzed, leaving you vulnerable to consecutive hits. Poise will allow you to soak up heavier hits and increase the number of consecutive hits you can take before getting stun-locked.
Poise is a passive trait that is raised by wearing armor that gives you poise, equiping the Wolf Ring, casting Iron Flesh and/or using the Havel's Greatshield stoneskin buff. Note, however, that both Iron Flesh and the stoneskin buff are personal buffs and cannot be used concurrently.
Poise works, in essence, as the maximum value of an invisible "poise bar". Whenever you're hit by an attack, that attack/weapon has an invisible "poise damage" value, which decreases your poise bar by that amount. Consecutively receiving attacks will continue to decrease the bar further. When it hits 0, your character will stagger.
The most important breakpoints are 32 to take all the quickest attacks, 53 or 56 to take one of all the most dangerous attacks (except for Black Flame) and 61 to take 2x an attack which deals 30 poise Damage.
Optimal Breakpoints are highly dependent on what build one is fighting. As an example, there is no immediate reason to use 61 poise against a Quality build (Strength and Dexterity), which may use a Murakumo or a Claymore, 53 poise would take a single two-handed light attack of each. However those builds are capable of swapping to a Katana, Spear or Curved Sword, against which 61 poise would give a significant advantage, and having invested into getting 53 instead of 32 poise will instead be a disadvantage.
Becoming staggered is a very serious situation, and can become very difficult when surrounded by numerous enemies.
Being staggered means that you will not be able to control your character after taking a heavy blow from an opponent.
It should also be important to remember that two handing a single weapon increases the poise break damage and can be used to stagger opponents unexpectable.
Note that some attacks cause instant staggering, and is not dependent on your Poise count.
Poise Break Points
It has been found that certain weapon classes will stun people at very specific poise amounts. For example Ultra Greatswords , when used 2 handed, will stun anyone at 75 poise or less. So a poise of 76 will prevent you being stunlocked by a hit from an UGS. However these values will only save you from 1 hit. If you are hit again before your "poise bar" empties completely you will be stunned.
Each time a hit is taken, poise will reduce and remain briefly frozen at the latest value (it does not regenerate steadily like stamina). This means that if a player with 53 poise gets hit by an attack that drains 20 poise, the player will then have exactly 33 poise for the next few seconds. A hidden timer is triggered with each hit that is taken, and if it completes before another hit is taken, poise will instantly refill back to 100%.
The world of Dark Souls is a world of cycles. Kingdoms rise and fall, ages come and go, and even time can end and restart as the flame fades and is renewed. These cycles are linked to the First Flame, a mysterious manifestation of life that divides and defines separate states such as heat and cold, or life and death. As the First Flame fades, these differences also begin to fade, such as life and death having little distinction, and humans becoming Undead. The onset of an Age of Dark, the time when the First Flame has fully died, is marked by endless nights, rampant undeath, time, space, and reality breaking down, lands collapsing and converging on one another, people mutating into monsters, darkness covering the world, and the Gods losing their power. To avoid this and prolong the Age of Fire, the bearer of a powerful soul must "link" themselves to the First Flame, becoming the fuel for another age. If this is not done, the First Flame will eventually die, and an Age of Dark will begin.

The powerful Lord Souls were taken from the First Flame, used to defeat the dragons, and then to establish kingdoms. Souls are inextricably (and inexplicably) linked to fire. Souls are life, and life is fire; it stands to reason that souls are fire, as well. Without the First Flame and without souls, there is no life. The bearer of a strong soul, called a Lord, who links themselves to the First Flame, is thus rekindling the flames with their own soul, returning life to it. In the end, one could expect that all souls will have been returned to the First Flame, and the Age of Fire will have effectively ended anyways.

It is inevitable that people try to find a way around this, another way to continue the Age of Fire without making sacrifices, but in every case they fail. In the first Age of Fire, the Witch of Izalith attempted to create a duplicate of the First Flame using her witchcraft and a special soul, but failed catastrophically. Instead of making another First Flame, she had created a twisted Flame of Chaos that produced distortions of life, turning herself and all her daughters into demons. These demons were malevolent, and wandered the land. Gwyn gathered up his armies and fought the demons of Chaos, eventually driving them back and shackling the Bed of Chaos to bind them. Knowing that the Age of Fire was nearing its end, under the guidance of the primordial serpent Kingseeker Frampt, Gwyn offered himself to the First Flame to stave off the Dark. As the flames surged with new life, the knights who followed him in were burnt by the flames and now wander the world as the Black Knights, hollow shells of armor who attack indiscriminately.

Before he left to link the First Flame, Gwyn gave fragments of his soul to his followers and allies. Ornstein, Gough, Ciaran, and Artorias, his four strongest knights who fought against the dragons, Seath the Paledrake, who betrayed the dragons and played a crucial role in the war, and was also granted the title of Duke and permission to build a grand archive to conduct his research, and the Four Kings of New Londo, who ruled a city of Undead. In time, another primordial serpent convinced the people of the human kingdom of Oolacile to delve into the darkness of the Abyss to unearth the grave of an ancient human. Whether through their actions or some other means, the primordial human - Manus - was resurrected and driven to madness, and his wild Humanity caused the people of Oolacile to mutate into abominations. Manus, Father of the Abyss, began to rapidly spread Dark and accelerate the growth of the Abyss, and would've started an early Age of Dark had he not been defeated. Even so, the kingdom of Oolacile was lost to the Abyss, and eventually forgotten in the modern day. Nothing remains in the present day to mark the passing of this land save for Dusk, the princess of Oolacile.

Gwyn's youngest son Gwyndolin, together with Kingseeker Frampt, sheperds the humans by Gwyn's command. Together they built giant asylums to house the countless undead, hoping against hope that one of them would be chosen to defeat the Asylum demon, and fulfill their destiny. The Undead are sent on a quest to ring the Bells of Awakening, collect the Lordvessel, slay the bearers of  Gwynn's soul, then offer those souls to the Lordvessel to open the path to the Kiln of the First Flame. In doing so, the unnatural Undead are given true death and the living can enjoy another age of fire for a thousand years, while the Undead linked to the First Flame will continue to burn, alive and aware, until someone else comes to take their place. And thus, the cycle continues.
Known as the land of the ancient Lords, where their kingdoms converge. This is where the game takes place, and it is a dangerous area indeed. Containing a great variety of environments and filled with many dangerous creatures, any Undead's resolve will be tested to the fullest here. The Undead travel great distances to reach this land, where the First Flame waits to be linked.
Known as the city of the gods, and founded by Lord Gwyn. It sits at the top of a mountain, and both the cliff face and its own walls separate it from the outside world. Long ago, invitations were given to great champions among humans, decided through victories in an arena, but this practice has not been kept up for some time. Sen's Fortress sits below it, an enormous deathtrap serving as both gateway and obstacle to Anor Londo, and those who could overcome it were permitted access, but the pathway at the end has since been sealed. Now, any Undead seeking to enter the city are carried in by bat-winged demons if they can overcome the fortress. The truth of Anor Londo is hidden behind an intricate illusion; when the First Flame began to fade, all of the gods abandoned Anor Londo save for Gwyndolin, Gwyn's youngest son. He now uses his magic to make it look like the city still stands strong, but in reality only he and his knights remain, and he is the only true authority left.
Legendary city of the Witch of Izalith, one of the four original Lords. She and her daughters founded this city deep underground. The Witch and her daughters were originally practitioners of a form of fire sorcery, but this art was lost when the Flame of Chaos destroyed the city. When the First Flame began to fade, the Witch of Izalith tried to reproduce it using her magic and a special soul. However, she failed, and the result was the Flame of Chaos: a twisted flame that produced distorted life instead, known as the demons. Gwyn and his knights waged a war against these demons and eventually defeated them, sealing the Bed of Chaos, their source of life, with magic. Some demons now appear in roles that suggest they may work for the gods, either willingly or as captured servants. The creation of the Flame of Chaos also created pyromancy as a byproduct, and Quelana, the only Daughter of Izalith to escape the destruction, was able to develop an entire system of magic to imitate the ancient fire spells. She took only one student, Salaman from the Great Swamp. In teaching Salaman, she hoped that mankind could learn to harness and control the flames, to prevent the same catastrophy that destroyed her own home. Salaman then returned to the Great Swamp to spread the art of pyromancy.
An extensive network of tombs and crypts, overseen by Gravelord Nito. All things that die are laid to rest here, and Nito's power of necromancy ensures that they are not disturbed. The area is not completely peaceful, however, and at one point a group of occultists attempted to steal Nito's power and use it to kill the gods. They presumably failed, but weapons and artefacts of their perverse rituals can still be found. Now the necromancer Pinwheel resides in the catacombs, where he slowly siphons away Nito's power for his own ends.
A large city of Undead, this place was once prosperous and known for the foresight of its leaders. All undead were welcomed here, and it soon became a safe haven for undead that were banished from their homelands. New Londo was a city teeming with culture and life. Recognizing this, Lord Gwyn bestowed on the four leaders a fragment of his soul and the rank of king before he left to link the First Flame. Later, the Four Kings encountered Darkstalker Kaathe in the Abyss, who offered to teach them the art of lifedrain. In doing so, the Four Kings and their order of knights were corrupted by the dark, becoming the Darkwraiths of Kaathe. The threat they posed to the outside world was so great that the whole city was flooded to contain them, killing everyone inside. The dead still wander as ghosts through the ruins, and the Darkwraiths themselves survived the flooding even though they are still trapped.
An ancient and long forgotten human kingdom that was once in Lordran. It was a peaceful land of scholars, who practiced a now lost form of light-based sorcery. Before its fall, a path to the Abyss was unearthed, and they encountered a primordial serpent who convinced them to delve into the depths of the Abyss to unearth the grave of a primordial human. When revived, this human, named Manus, went mad, and his humanity went wild. This caused him to mutate into a huge abomination, and contact with his humanity caused the people of Oolacile to also mutate into abominations. Manus was a powerful sorcerer and master of the Dark, and with his magic he guided the Abyss to grow, swiftly overtaking the kingdom of Oolacile. Knight Artorias was sent in to defeat Manus and halt the Abyss, but he failed and was corrupted by the Dark instead. The Chosen Undead travels back in time to lay Artorias to rest and defeat Manus in his stead. As the player is not naturally from that time, their actions are instead attributed to Artorias, to be known as the Abysswalker, a legendary knight who traversed the Abyss to defeat the Darkwraiths.
A human kingdom outside Lordran, it is a land known for its traditional knights, clergy, and nobility. The Way of White originates from here, and the knight and cleric classes available to the player are apparently travelers from this land and start with the Way of White covenant. The Way of White itself is very proactive about removing Undead, and sponsors great hunts to round them up and forcibly transport them to an asylum on the edge of Lordran. Clerics and knights within the Way of White who become Undead are sent to Lordran on a pilgrimage, where they are told to search the Catacombs and learn the Rite of Kindling. At some point in the past, a terrible beast known as the Evil Eye attacked the kingdom of Astora, causing great damage. It was defeated, and its spirit is rumored to be trapped in a magic ring.
Another kingdom outside Lordran that is known for its festivites and drinks, and also for the peculiar onion-like armor of its knights. Their armor was designed to deflect blows and is actually highly effective, and the knights take great pride in it, but the appearance is still mocked by outsiders.

The Great Swamp.
A distant and inhospitable land outside Lordran, unwanted by all save for the people who live there. Not a formal kingdom per se, it is populated by outcasts and exiles from other lands. They share a common interest in the teachings of pyromancy, and appear to practice some form of shamanism as well. As they are not a proper kingdom, they have no order of knights, but pyromancy is an easy craft to use and is still very powerful. Travelers from the Great Swamp are often equipped with wrapped clothing that protects them from the dangers of their homeland, and versatile hand axes that serve as both tools and weapons. It is not specified whether Undead are welcome there, but Undead from there are often ecstatic for the chance to travel to Lordran and hopefully visit the ancient city of Izalith.
A land known for the Dragon School, a place of study for the system of sorcery formalized by Seath the Scaleless. The School employs its own spies and assassins trained in sound-manipulating magic, and through this maintain control of the city and its politics. The sorcerer starting class available to the player originates from Vinheim.
This kingdom is most known for its shady aristocrats and knights, and its gods. If anything, it is the polar opposite of Astora. Pardoners of Velka, the rogue goddess, are known to come from here, and it is home to the infamous Arstor of Carim. It is a place known for distinctive weaponry: Carim knights use lightweight parrying daggers in place of shields and their Shotels cut a sinister profile, and its archers are trained in a unique crossbow specialized for sniping. A very particular kind of magic ring originates from here, exceptional at resisting status effects but rumored to be created through dreadful means. The Purging Stone items are also from Carim, and the fact that they contain the remains of humans raises serious questions about the nature of their production.
An asylum for the undead on the edge of Lordran. Undead were corralled here, and in many such places by order of Gwyndolin, the youngest son of Gwynn, Lord of Sunlight. The Undead are kept here in hopes that one day one of them would be chosen to be able to defeat the gatekeeper, the fearsome Asylum demon and go on to link the first flame. It is still unclear whether the Undead is chosen because they are able to defeat the Asylum Demon, or that they are able to defeat the Asylum demon because they are chosen.
earer of the strongest Lord Soul, Gwyn's power manifested as great spears of sunlight, which take the form of lightning. He founded the kingdom of Anor Londo, lead an army of his silver knights against the dragons, and was father to Gwynevere, Gwyndolin, and his disowned firstborn son(thought to be Sen, the ancient God of War). Gwyn was the first to link the First Flame, becoming a Lord of Cinder, and now mindlessly guards it against outside threats and serves as a test of strength for those seeking to link it again. Gwyn's crown is said to have once had some special power, but its power has long since faded and now only exudes a slight warmth by the time the player acquires it. Gwyn and his clan are referred to as gods. Whether this is by Gwyn's own command or simply a title given to them by others for their strength is unknown, though they are still the primary religious figures in many human kingdoms.
The second daughter of Gwyn, and known as a goddess of fertility. The real Gwynevere married the flame god Flann and left Anor Londo long ago when the First Flame began to fade, but Gwyndolin created an illusion of her to maintain the image of power and stability in the kingdom. This illusion grants successful Undead the Lordvessel, and directs them to follow Kingseeker Frampt's advice and fill it with Lord Souls. Undead who ask can join the Princess Guard, knights of Gwynevere who grant aid to fellow Undead through the use of her miracles.
Legendary knight of Gwyn, known for his unbreakable will of steel and unmatched skill with greatswords. It is said that Artorias forged a pact with the beasts of the Abyss to fight against the Darkwraiths, but this is only a fabrication, as his true story was intentionally obscured and eventually forgotten. In reality, Artorias was defeated by the Abyss, and his efforts were carried on by a forgotten champion. This champion eventually defeated Manus, Father of the Abyss, successfully stalling the Abyss's growth for some time. Artorias was friends with Sif the Great Wolf and the cat Alvina, both of whom now defend his grave from those who hope to find the means to enter the Abyss.
One of the four original Lord Soul bearers, her Lord Soul granted the power of fire. She is a witch and master of the now forgotten fire sorceries, and founded the city of Izalith with her daughters deep underground. When the First Flame began to fade, she attempted to create a second First Flame to replace it using her witchcraft and a special soul, but failed catastrophically and instead created the Flame of Chaos. The birth of Chaos marked the birth of demons, and its flame transformed the Witch of Izalith and all her daughters into demons barring Quelana, who escaped the destruction of her home. As the daughters of Izalith were the only practitioners of fire sorcery, it is now a forgotten art, but the creation of Chaos also created pyromancy as a byproduct. Gwyn waged war against the demons and eventually routed them, shackling the Bed of Chaos, their source of life, to contain them.
One of the daughters of Izalith, and the only one who successfully escaped the destruction of her home. The end of Izalith marked the end of fire sorcery, but the creation of Chaos also marked the birth of pyromancy. Quelana adapted many old fire sorcery spells into pyromancy, then taught them to her pupil Salaman long ago, who then taught it to the outcasts who live in the Great Swamp. In teaching pyromancy, she hoped to teach people control over the flame to prevent another such disaster, while also preaching a message to fear the flame as it is inherently uncontrollable. Quelana is known to pre-date the Age of Fire, but by how much or even how at all is never explained.
One of the four original Lord Soul bearers, Nito's soul grants power over death. Nito can inflict disease and decay, and animates skeletons to fight for him. Along with the other four original Lords, he played a major role in defeating the dragons and now holds dominion over an extended system of crypts and tombs where he watches over the dead. Nito leads a covenant, the Gravelord Servants, who use Eyes of Death to spread misfortune and curses, which produces more of the Eyes of Death Nito desires. Not much is known about him beyond this, though at one point a group of occultists tried to take a part of his Lord Soul in an attempt to slay the gods. More recently, the necromancer Pinwheel has been slowly draining Nito's power for his own use. Even despite all of this, Nito's Lord Soul remains strong enough to satiate the Lordvessel, and he is still a Lord in his own right.
Necromancer of the Catacombs, he has been taking power from Nito's soul for his own ends. Pinwheel appears to have three heads and six arms, and concept art of him shows three separate bodies either stacked together or fused underneath his robe. Pinwheel himself is not especially powerful, and does not accomplish anything of note in the story. His three masks are each enchanted with special power, and will fortify the body of anyone wearing them.
Seath was born without the scales that make other dragons immortal. In his envy, he betrayed them and stole the primordial crystal, which granted him near complete invulnerability, if not an adequate imitation of immortality. After the war, he was given the title of Duke by Gwyn, a fragment of Gwyn's own soul, and a tower and archives to conduct his research in. Seath eventually codified a system of magic utilizing souls, and is known as the father of sorcery by the Dragon School of Vinheim which teaches it. Seath spent his time trying to find the secrets of immortality and produce scales for himself, but his research eventually drove him mad and his experiments became more and more deranged. By the time the game begins, he is sending his minions out to kidnap maidens and perform horrible atrocities on them, turning them into monsters. In his madness, he developed powerful sorceries based on a link between souls and crystals, the mere study of which is enough to drive other wizards equally insane. As with all dragons, his tail can be severed to find a special weapon: the Moonlight Greatsword, a non-physical blade that shoots, and is composed of, waves of moonlight.
A primeval human, Manus was once a man but becomes a twisted abomination after being resurrected. His Humanity goes wild, and similarly mutates any other human it comesin contact with. He is a dark sorcerer of immense power, and wields the strength of the Abyss to bring the kingdom of Oolacile to its knees in short order, capturing the Princess Dusk. The Abyss spreads rapidly under his guidance, and while its spread is halted with his death, Gough notes that this is only a temporary measure. The knight Artorias attempts to stop him, but is defeated. Manus himself is warped beyond the ability to reason by his revival, and desperately seeks his precious pendant, which he never finds. He demonstrates the ability to reach beyond time and space, snatching at least two people from the future and dragging them back into the past.
The fate of the Hollow Knight is linked to the end of the Knight's journey. By killing the Hollow Knight, the Knight takes their place in sealing the Radiance. By instead entering their mind with the help of Hornet, the Knight can kill the Radiance. At the end of this fight, the Hollow Knight's Shade appears and opens up a weak point on her head, allowing the Knight to land the finishing blows. The two siblings then return to the Void together.
The Hollow Knight is the Vessel chosen by the Pale King to seal away the Radiance and save Hallownest from the Infection.[2] Like their siblings, they are the child of the King and Queen of Hallownest, birthed in the Abyss to be infused with the power of the Void.[3] As such, they are genderless.[1][4] This birth condition was also supposed to leave them without a mind, will, and voice,[5] to prevent the Radiance from influencing them.[6][7] However, their purity was misjudged, tarnished by an idea instilled,[8] a bond with the Pale King who raised them.[9]


The young Hollow Knight being led out of the Abyss

Regardless of their impurity, the Hollow Knight was trained and raised, eventually becoming a fully grown Vessel.[10] The Radiance was sealed within them, and they were chained within the Temple of the Black Egg where they were expected to contain the Infection for eternity.[11] However, because of the aforementioned impurities, the Radiance could still exert influence. It ultimately resulted in the resurgence of the Infection and the Kingdom falling into ruin.

Over time, the Hollow Knight disappeared from the fallen Kingdom's memory. Only the Memorial in the middle of the City of Tears testifies of their sacrifice to save Hallownest.
These are the base attacks that the Hollow Knight starts with. They are expanded on in the next 2 Phases.

Triple Slash: The Hollow Knight swings their nail 3 times. This attack is only used in Phases 1 through 3. Each swing of their nail moves the Hollow Knight forward, covering about 25% of the arena in total. The swings are so wide that they can damage the Knight even if they are behind the Hollow Knight.
Lunge: The Hollow Knight lunges along the ground with their nail pointed towards the Knight. This attack is only used in Phases 1 through 3. This lunge covers about 50% of the arena.
Parry: The Hollow Knight take up a defensive stance with their nail. If the Knight damages them after their nail shines, they take no damage from the hit and instead respond with a riposte. This attack is only used in Phases 1 through 3. The riposte has a huge arc and sizeable range because the Hollow Knight slides forward rapidly when they swing. The parry lasts 0.75 seconds.
After reaching 750 HP, the Hollow Knight gains these attacks in addition to the attacks of Phase 1. The Hollow Knight attacks and moves more frequently.

Diving Flame Pillar: The Hollow Knight either jumps or teleports into the air and then slams straight down with their nail, causing columns of Infected fire to shoot up from the ground. No matter which method they choose, the Hollow Knight attempts to slam down where the Knight was at the beginning of the attack. This attack is only used in Phases 2 and 3. Lifeblood content This attack deals two Masks of damage.
Barrage: The Hollow Knight launches multiple blobs of Infection towards the Knight from beneath their cloak. This attack is only used in Phases 2 and 3. The blobs are fired in arcs at multiple angles, starting low and working up. This attack covers about 75% of the arena. The Hollow Knight launches 9 or 10 blobs in total. This attack does not track the Knight; the blobs always follow the same arcs.
After reaching 400 HP, the Hollow Knight gains these attacks in addition to the attacks from the previous Phases. However, they lose the Lunge and Triple Slash attacks. The Hollow Knight attacks and moves less frequently and cannot be staggered after this Phase starts.

Outbreak: The Hollow Knight hovers in the air and shoots blobs of Infection everywhere. This attack is only used in Phase 3. The Hollow Knight is always in the centre of the arena for this attack. They remain in the air for about 6.5 seconds. The blobs travel along three primary paths: an arc going left, an arc going right, and a third going down. Blobs burst from the Hollow Knight for 5-6 seconds.
Bouncing Balloon: The Hollow Knight floats around the arena and bounces up and down 2-5 times. This attack is only used in Phases 3 and 4. This attack tracks the Knight's position and always aims for the Knight, specifically during the slam.
Self Stab: The Hollow Knight stands in place and stabs their nail through their chest multiple times. During this move, all damage dealt to the Hollow Knight is reduced to 1, regardless of Nail level.

After reaching 0 HP, the Hollow Knight heals for 250 HP only if the fight is continued. Depending on the Knight's progress, the fight is interrupted by Hornet, allowing the Knight to access their mind with the Dream Nail and fight the Radiance, otherwise, the fight continues as normal.

During the fourth Phase of the battle, the Hollow Knight loses all other attacks except the Bouncing Balloon and Self Stab attacks and gains one new attack.

Deterioration: The Hollow Knight attempts to swing their nail once and then falls to their knees. This attack is only used in Phase 4. Essentially, the Hollow Knight is attempting a Triple Slash attack but as soon as the first slash happens, they fall over without moving forward at all.
Upon breaking the seals on the Temple of the Black Egg by destroying the three Dreamers, the Knight is allowed entrance in order to fight this boss. To begin the fight, the Knight must break the four chains holding the Hollow Knight.

The Hollow Knight fight has 4 Phases. Each Phase is marked by the Hollow Knight standing still, turning their head skyward and roaring. This roar stuns the Knight. The fight changes with each Phase.

In Phase 1, the Hollow Knight has three attacks: Triple Slash, Lunge, and Parry. The attacks come regularly. The Hollow Knight back dashes, teleports, and leaps around the arena between attacks.

In Phase 2 of the fight, the Hollow Knight gains two more attacks (Barrage and Diving Flame Pillar) and the Hollow Knight moves and attacks with greater frequency.

In Phase 3, the Hollow Knight begins stabbing themself. The Hollow Knight gains two more attacks (Outbreak and Bouncing Balloon) but they also slow down: rarely leaping or teleporting and their attacks come less often.

In Phase 4, the Hollow Knight can barely move. They can no longer teleport or leap and can hardly swing their nail. Only two attacks are used in the phase: the Bouncing Balloon and Deterioration.

The main weakness of the Hollow Knight is that they are vulnerable to attacks from above. During a Lunge or Triple Slash, jump above their head and Nail-bounce a few times while they finish the attack. If they parry your attack, shadow dash through their riposte.

There are safe zones amongst the blobs during the Barrage and Explosion atacks so pay attention and move into safe zones. Dashing can often overshoot a safe zone, so walking is usually the safer option.

During the Bouncing Balloon attack, the Hollow Knight attempts to home in on the Knight. They have trouble tracking if the Knight constantly changes direction. Dodge the first slam, then dash under them when they rise for a new slam, then reverse again after they come down and repeat.

During the Diving Flame Pillar attack, the pillars briefly charge on the floor before erupting, showing where it is safe to stand. When the Hollow Knight jumps and readies their nail, start looking for a safe zone immediately after dodging the downward strike.

The Hollow Knight's teleport usually positions them far away from the Knight, so using Vengeful Spirit/Shade Soul during this time is useful to get hits in before they charge another attack. Moving too far from the Hollow Knight makes it more likely they will teleport close to the Knight, so be careful when running away to heal.

Depending on the Knight's progress, one of two endings plays out after the fight. After the ending, the Knight respawns at the last Bench they rested at. The Hollow Knight can be Dream Nailed at the start of Phase 4 if the Knight has Void Heart, initiating the fight with the Radiance.
Today is the anniversary of the publication of Robert Frost’s iconic poem “Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening,” a fact that spurred the Literary Hub office into a long conversation about their favorite poems, the most iconic poems written in English, and which poems we should all have already read (or at least be reading next). Turns out, despite frequent (false) claims that poetry is dead and/or irrelevant and/or boring, there are plenty of poems that have sunk deep into our collective consciousness as cultural icons. (What makes a poem iconic? For our purposes here, it’s primarily a matter of cultural ubiquity, though unimpeachable excellence helps any case.) So for those of you who were not present for our epic office argument, I have listed some of them here.

NB that I limited myself to one poem per poet—which means that the impetus for this list actually gets bumped for the widely quoted (and misunderstood) “The Road Not Taken,” but so it goes. I also excluded book-length poems, because they’re really a different form. Finally, despite the headline, I’m sure there are many, many iconic poems out there that I’ve missed—so feel free to extend this list in the comments. But for now, happy reading (and re-reading):
April is the cruellest month, breeding
Lilacs out of the dead land, mixing
Memory and desire, stirring
Dull roots with spring rain.
Winter kept us warm, covering
Earth in forgetful snow, feeding
A little life with dried tubers.
Summer surprised us, coming over the Starnbergersee
With a shower of rain; we stopped in the colonnade,
And went on in sunlight, into the Hofgarten,
And drank coffee, and talked for an hour.
Bin gar keine Russin, stamm’ aus Litauen, echt deutsch.
And when we were children, staying at the archduke’s,
My cousin’s, he took me out on a sled,
And I was frightened. He said, Marie,
Marie, hold on tight. And down we went.
In the mountains, there you feel free.
I read, much of the night, and go south in the winter.

What are the roots that clutch, what branches grow
Out of this stony rubbish? Son of man,
You cannot say, or guess, for you know only
A heap of broken images, where the sun beats,
And the dead tree gives no shelter, the cricket no relief,
And the dry stone no sound of water. Only
There is shadow under this red rock,
(Come in under the shadow of this red rock),
And I will show you something different from either
Your shadow at morning striding behind you
Or your shadow at evening rising to meet you;
I will show you fear in a handful of dust.
Madame Sosostris, famous clairvoyante,
Had a bad cold, nevertheless
Is known to be the wisest woman in Europe,
With a wicked pack of cards. Here, said she,
Is your card, the drowned Phoenician Sailor,
(Those are pearls that were his eyes. Look!)
Here is Belladonna, the Lady of the Rocks,
The lady of situations.
Here is the man with three staves, and here the Wheel,
And here is the one-eyed merchant, and this card,
Which is blank, is something he carries on his back,
Which I am forbidden to see. I do not find
The Hanged Man. Fear death by water.
I see crowds of people, walking round in a ring.
Thank you. If you see dear Mrs. Equitone,
Tell her I bring the horoscope myself:
One must be so careful these days.

Unreal City,
Under the brown fog of a winter dawn,
A crowd flowed over London Bridge, so many,
I had not thought death had undone so many.
Sighs, short and infrequent, were exhaled,
And each man fixed his eyes before his feet.
Flowed up the hill and down King William Street,
To where Saint Mary Woolnoth kept the hours
With a dead sound on the final stroke of nine.
There I saw one I knew, and stopped him, crying: 'Stetson!
'You who were with me in the ships at Mylae!
'That corpse you planted last year in your garden,
'Has it begun to sprout? Will it bloom this year?
'Or has the sudden frost disturbed its bed?
'Oh keep the Dog far hence, that’s friend to men,
'Or with his nails he’ll dig it up again!
Two roads diverged in a yellow wood,
And sorry I could not travel both
And be one traveler, long I stood
And looked down one as far as I could
To where it bent in the undergrowth;

Then took the other, as just as fair,
And having perhaps the better claim,
Because it was grassy and wanted wear;
Though as for that the passing there
Had worn them really about the same,

And both that morning equally lay
In leaves no step had trodden black.
Oh, I kept the first for another day!
Yet knowing how way leads on to way,
I doubted if I should ever come back.

I shall be telling this with a sigh
Somewhere ages and ages hence:
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—
I took the one less traveled by,
And that has made all the difference.
The art of losing isn’t hard to master;
so many things seem filled with the intent
to be lost that their loss is no disaster.

Lose something every day. Accept the fluster
of lost door keys, the hour badly spent.
The art of losing isn’t hard to master.

Then practice losing farther, losing faster:
places, and names, and where it was you meant
to travel. None of these will bring disaster.

I lost my mother’s watch. And look! my last, or
next-to-last, of three loved houses went.
The art of losing isn’t hard to master.

I lost two cities, lovely ones. And, vaster,
some realms I owned, two rivers, a continent.
I miss them, but it wasn’t a disaster.

—Even losing you (the joking voice, a gesture
I love) I shan’t have lied. It’s evident
the art of losing’s not too hard to master
though it may look like (Write it!) like disaster.

Because I could not stop for Death –
He kindly stopped for me –
The Carriage held but just Ourselves –
And Immortality.

We slowly drove – He knew no haste
And I had put away
My labor and my leisure too,
For His Civility –

We passed the School, where Children strove
At Recess – in the Ring –
We passed the Fields of Gazing Grain –
We passed the Setting Sun –

Or rather – He passed Us –
The Dews drew quivering and Chill –
For only Gossamer, my Gown –
My Tippet – only Tulle –

We paused before a House that seemed
A Swelling of the Ground –
The Roof was scarcely visible –
The Cornice – in the Ground –

Since then – 'tis Centuries – and yet
Feels shorter than the Day
I first surmised the Horses' Heads
Were toward Eternity –

You do not do, you do not do   
Any more, black shoe
In which I have lived like a foot   
For thirty years, poor and white,   
Barely daring to breathe or Achoo.

Daddy, I have had to kill you.   
You died before I had time——
Marble-heavy, a bag full of God,   
Ghastly statue with one gray toe   
Big as a Frisco seal
Personal Pronouns / Subject Pronouns
You already know subject pronouns, even if you didn't know that's what they were called. Subject pronouns are used to replace the subject in a sentence. You might also see them called "personal" pronouns, as they designate the person speaking (I, me, we, us), the person spoken to (you), or the person or thing spoken about (he, she, it, they, him, her, them). The following commonly used words are subject pronouns:
I
we
you (singular and plural)
Object pronouns are used as the object of a verb or a preposition.
me
us
A possessive pronoun designates ownership and can substitute for noun phrases.
mine
ours
yours (singular and plural)
hers
his
theirs
"Pronominal" describes something that resembles a pronoun, as by specifying a person, place, or thing, while functioning primarily as another part of speech. A pronominal adjective is an adjective that resembles a pronoun. "Her" in "her car" is a pronominal adjective.
my
our
your
her
his
their
Reflexive pronouns might be the easiest group to remember because they all have one thing in common: the ending "self" or "selves." That's because reflexive pronouns show how the actions of an aforementioned person or group affects him or her (or them).
myself
yourself
herself
himself
itself
ourselves
yourselves
themselves
you (singular and plural)
her
him
it
them
he
she
it
Intensive and reflexive pronouns are actually the exact same words (ending with "self" or "selves"), but they function differently in a sentence. Intensive pronouns not only refer back to a previously mentioned person or people, but they also emphasize. As their name suggests, they intensify.
myself
yourself
herself
himself
itself
ourselves
yourselves
themselves
they
I will be leaving soon.
You are welcome.
She is the new teacher.
He speaks three languages.
They are very friendly neighbors.
And a head in the freakish Atlantic   
Where it pours bean green over blue   
In the waters off beautiful Nauset.   
I used to pray to recover you.
Ach, du.
As the word "indefinite" suggests, these pronouns do not specify the identity of their referents. They are more vague than other pronouns.
all
another
any
anybody
anyone
anything
both
each
either
everybody
everyone
everything
few
many
most
neither
nobody
none
no one
nothing
one
other
others
several
some
somebody
someone
something
such
In the German tongue, in the Polish town   
Scraped flat by the roller
Of wars, wars, wars.
But the name of the town is common.   
My Polack friend

Says there are a dozen or two.   
So I never could tell where you   
Put your foot, your root,
I never could talk to you.
The tongue stuck in my jaw.

It stuck in a barb wire snare.   
Ich, ich, ich, ich,
I could hardly speak.
I thought every German was you.   
And the language obscene

An engine, an engine
Chuffing me off like a Jew.
A Jew to Dachau, Auschwitz, Belsen.   
I began to talk like a Jew.
I think I may well be a Jew.

The snows of the Tyrol, the clear beer of Vienna   
Are not very pure or true.
With my gipsy ancestress and my weird luck   
And my Taroc pack and my Taroc pack
I may be a bit of a Jew.

I have always been scared of you,
With your Luftwaffe, your gobbledygoo.   
And your neat mustache
And your Aryan eye, bright blue.
Panzer-man, panzer-man, O You——

Not God but a swastika
So black no sky could squeak through.   
Every woman adores a Fascist,   
The boot in the face, the brute   
Brute heart of a brute like you.

You stand at the blackboard, daddy,   
In the picture I have of you,
A cleft in your chin instead of your foot   
But no less a devil for that, no not   
Any less the black man who

Bit my pretty red heart in two.
I was ten when they buried you.   
At twenty I tried to die
And get back, back, back to you.
I thought even the bones would do.

But they pulled me out of the sack,   
And they stuck me together with glue.   
And then I knew what to do.
I made a model of you,
A man in black with a Meinkampf look

And a love of the rack and the screw.   
And I said I do, I do.
So daddy, I’m finally through.
The black telephone’s off at the root,   
The voices just can’t worm through.

If I’ve killed one man, I’ve killed two——
The vampire who said he was you   
And drank my blood for a year,
Seven years, if you want to know.
Daddy, you can lie back now.

There’s a stake in your fat black heart   
And the villagers never liked you.
They are dancing and stamping on you.   
They always knew it was you.
Daddy, daddy, you bastard, I’m through.

Jesús, Estrella, Esperanza, Mercy:

       Sails flashing to the wind like weapons,
       sharks following the moans the fever and the dying;   
       horror the corposant and compass rose.

Middle Passage:
               voyage through death
                               to life upon these shores.

       “10 April 1800—
       Blacks rebellious. Crew uneasy. Our linguist says   
       their moaning is a prayer for death,
       ours and their own. Some try to starve themselves.   
       Lost three this morning leaped with crazy laughter   
       to the waiting sharks, sang as they went under.”

Desire, Adventure, Tartar, Ann:

       Standing to America, bringing home   
       black gold, black ivory, black seed.

               Deep in the festering hold thy father lies,   
               of his bones New England pews are made,   
               those are altar lights that were his eyes.

Jesus    Saviour    Pilot    Me
Over    Life’s    Tempestuous    Sea

We pray that Thou wilt grant, O Lord,   
safe passage to our vessels bringing   
heathen souls unto Thy chastening.

Jesus    Saviour

       “8 bells. I cannot sleep, for I am sick
       with fear, but writing eases fear a little
       since still my eyes can see these words take shape   
       upon the page & so I write, as one
       would turn to exorcism. 4 days scudding,
       but now the sea is calm again. Misfortune
       follows in our wake like sharks (our grinning   
       tutelary gods). Which one of us
       has killed an albatross? A plague among
       our blacks—Ophthalmia: blindness—& we   
       have jettisoned the blind to no avail.
       It spreads, the terrifying sickness spreads.
       Its claws have scratched sight from the Capt.'s eyes   
       & there is blindness in the fo’c’sle
       & we must sail 3 weeks before we come
       to port.”

               What port awaits us, Davy Jones’
               or home? I’ve heard of slavers drifting, drifting,   
               playthings of wind and storm and chance, their crews   
               gone blind, the jungle hatred
               crawling up on deck.

Thou    Who    Walked    On    Galilee

       “Deponent further sayeth The Bella J
       left the Guinea Coast
       with cargo of five hundred blacks and odd   
       for the barracoons of Florida:

       “That there was hardly room ’tween-decks for half   
       the sweltering cattle stowed spoon-fashion there;   
       that some went mad of thirst and tore their flesh   
       and sucked the blood:

       “That Crew and Captain lusted with the comeliest   
       of the savage girls kept naked in the cabins;   
       that there was one they called The Guinea Rose   
       and they cast lots and fought to lie with her:

       “That when the Bo’s’n piped all hands, the flames   
       spreading from starboard already were beyond   
       control, the negroes howling and their chains   
       entangled with the flames:

       “That the burning blacks could not be reached,   
       that the Crew abandoned ship,
       leaving their shrieking negresses behind,
       that the Captain perished drunken with the wenches:

       “Further Deponent sayeth not.”

Pilot    Oh    Pilot    Me


       II

Aye, lad, and I have seen those factories,   
Gambia, Rio Pongo, Calabar;
have watched the artful mongos baiting traps   
of war wherein the victor and the vanquished

Were caught as prizes for our barracoons.   
Have seen the nigger kings whose vanity
and greed turned wild black hides of Fellatah,   
Mandingo, Ibo, Kru to gold for us.

And there was one—King Anthracite we named him—
fetish face beneath French parasols
of brass and orange velvet, impudent mouth
whose cups were carven skulls of enemies:

He’d honor us with drum and feast and conjo   
and palm-oil-glistening wenches deft in love,   
and for tin crowns that shone with paste,   
red calico and German-silver trinkets

Would have the drums talk war and send   
his warriors to burn the sleeping villages   
and kill the sick and old and lead the young   
in coffles to our factories.

Twenty years a trader, twenty years,
for there was wealth aplenty to be harvested   
from those black fields, and I’d be trading still   
but for the fevers melting down my bones.


       III

Shuttles in the rocking loom of history,   
the dark ships move, the dark ships move,   
their bright ironical names
like jests of kindness on a murderer’s mouth;   
plough through thrashing glister toward   
fata morgana’s lucent melting shore,   
weave toward New World littorals that are   
mirage and myth and actual shore.

Voyage through death,
                               voyage whose chartings are unlove.

A charnel stench, effluvium of living death   
spreads outward from the hold,
where the living and the dead, the horribly dying,   
lie interlocked, lie foul with blood and excrement.

       Deep in the festering hold thy father lies,   
       the corpse of mercy rots with him,   
       rats eat love’s rotten gelid eyes.

       But, oh, the living look at you
       with human eyes whose suffering accuses you,   
       whose hatred reaches through the swill of dark   
       to strike you like a leper’s claw.

       You cannot stare that hatred down
       or chain the fear that stalks the watches
       and breathes on you its fetid scorching breath;   
       cannot kill the deep immortal human wish,   
       the timeless will.

               “But for the storm that flung up barriers   
               of wind and wave, The Amistad, señores,
               would have reached the port of Príncipe in two,   
               three days at most; but for the storm we should   
               have been prepared for what befell.   
               Swift as the puma’s leap it came. There was   
               that interval of moonless calm filled only   
               with the water’s and the rigging’s usual sounds,   
               then sudden movement, blows and snarling cries   
               and they had fallen on us with machete   
               and marlinspike. It was as though the very   
               air, the night itself were striking us.   
               Exhausted by the rigors of the storm,
               we were no match for them. Our men went down   
               before the murderous Africans. Our loyal   
               Celestino ran from below with gun   
               and lantern and I saw, before the cane-
               knife’s wounding flash, Cinquez,
               that surly brute who calls himself a prince,   
               directing, urging on the ghastly work.
               He hacked the poor mulatto down, and then   
               he turned on me. The decks were slippery
               when daylight finally came. It sickens me   
               to think of what I saw, of how these apes   
               threw overboard the butchered bodies of
               our men, true Christians all, like so much jetsam.   
               Enough, enough. The rest is quickly told:   
               Cinquez was forced to spare the two of us   
               you see to steer the ship to Africa,   
               and we like phantoms doomed to rove the sea   
               voyaged east by day and west by night,   
               deceiving them, hoping for rescue,   
               prisoners on our own vessel, till   
               at length we drifted to the shores of this   
               your land, America, where we were freed   
               from our unspeakable misery. Now we   
               demand, good sirs, the extradition of   
               Cinquez and his accomplices to La   
               Havana. And it distresses us to know   
               there are so many here who seem inclined   
               to justify the mutiny of these blacks.   
               We find it paradoxical indeed
               that you whose wealth, whose tree of liberty   
               are rooted in the labor of your slaves
               should suffer the august John Quincy Adams   
               to speak with so much passion of the right   
               of chattel slaves to kill their lawful masters   
               and with his Roman rhetoric weave a hero’s   
               garland for Cinquez. I tell you that   
               we are determined to return to Cuba
               with our slaves and there see justice done. Cinquez—
               or let us say ‘the Prince’—Cinquez shall die.”

       The deep immortal human wish,   
       the timeless will:

               Cinquez its deathless primaveral image,   
               life that transfigures many lives.

       Voyage through death
                                     to life upon these shores.
Among twenty snowy mountains,   
The only moving thing   
Was the eye of the blackbird.   

II
I was of three minds,   
Like a tree   
In which there are three blackbirds.   

III
The blackbird whirled in the autumn winds.   
It was a small part of the pantomime.   

IV
A man and a woman   
Are one.   
A man and a woman and a blackbird   
Are one.   

V
I do not know which to prefer,   
The beauty of inflections   
Or the beauty of innuendoes,   
The blackbird whistling   
Or just after.   

VI
Icicles filled the long window   
With barbaric glass.   
The shadow of the blackbird   
Crossed it, to and fro.   
The mood   
Traced in the shadow   
An indecipherable cause.   

VII
O thin men of Haddam,   
Why do you imagine golden birds?   
Do you not see how the blackbird   
Walks around the feet   
Of the women about you?   

VIII
I know noble accents   
And lucid, inescapable rhythms;   
But I know, too,   
That the blackbird is involved   
In what I know.   

IX
When the blackbird flew out of sight,   
It marked the edge   
Of one of many circles.   

X
At the sight of blackbirds   
Flying in a green light,   
Even the bawds of euphony   
Would cry out sharply.   

XI
He rode over Connecticut   
In a glass coach.   
Once, a fear pierced him,   
In that he mistook   
The shadow of his equipage   
For blackbirds.   

XII
The river is moving.   
The blackbird must be flying.   

XIII
It was evening all afternoon.   
It was snowing   
And it was going to snow.   
The blackbird sat   
In the cedar-limbs.
I saw the best minds of my generation destroyed by madness, starving hysterical naked,
dragging themselves through the negro streets at dawn looking for an angry fix,
angelheaded hipsters burning for the ancient heavenly connection to the starry dynamo in the machinery of night,
who poverty and tatters and hollow-eyed and high sat up smoking in the supernatural darkness of cold-water flats floating across the tops of cities contemplating jazz,
who bared their brains to Heaven under the El and saw Mohammedan angels staggering on tenement roofs illuminated,
who passed through universities with radiant cool eyes hallucinating Arkansas and Blake-light tragedy among the scholars of war,
who were expelled from the academies for crazy & publishing obscene odes on the windows of the skull,
who cowered in unshaven rooms in underwear, burning their money in wastebaskets and listening to the Terror through the wall,
who got busted in their pubic beards returning through Laredo with a belt of marijuana for New York,
who ate fire in paint hotels or drank turpentine in Paradise Alley, death, or purgatoried their torsos night after night
with dreams, with drugs, with waking nightmares, alcohol and cock and endless balls,
incomparable blind streets of shuddering cloud and lightning in the mind leaping toward poles of Canada & Paterson, illuminating all the motionless world of Time between,
Peyote solidities of halls, backyard green tree cemetery dawns, wine drunkenness over the rooftops, storefront boroughs of teahead joyride neon blinking traffic light, sun and moon and tree vibrations in the roaring winter dusks of Brooklyn, ashcan rantings and kind king light of mind,
who chained themselves to subways for the endless ride from Battery to holy Bronx on benzedrine until the noise of wheels and children brought them down shuddering mouth-wracked and battered bleak of brain all drained of brilliance in the drear light of Zoo,
who sank all night in submarine light of Bickford’s floated out and sat through the stale beer afternoon in desolate Fugazzi’s, listening to the crack of doom on the hydrogen jukebox,
who talked continuously seventy hours from park to pad to bar to Bellevue to museum to the Brooklyn Bridge,
a lost battalion of platonic conversationalists jumping down the stoops off fire escapes off windowsills off Empire State out of the moon,
yacketayakking screaming vomiting whispering facts and memories and anecdotes and eyeball kicks and shocks of hospitals and jails and wars,
whole intellects disgorged in total recall for seven days and nights with brilliant eyes, meat for the Synagogue cast on the pavement,
who vanished into nowhere Zen New Jersey leaving a trail of ambiguous picture postcards of Atlantic City Hall,
suffering Eastern sweats and Tangerian bone-grindings and migraines of China under junk-withdrawal in Newark’s bleak furnished room,   
who wandered around and around at midnight in the railroad yard wondering where to go, and went, leaving no broken hearts,
who lit cigarettes in boxcars boxcars boxcars racketing through snow toward lonesome farms in grandfather night,
who studied Plotinus Poe St. John of the Cross telepathy and bop kabbalah because the cosmos instinctively vibrated at their feet in Kansas,   
who loned it through the streets of Idaho seeking visionary indian angels who were visionary indian angels,
who thought they were only mad when Baltimore gleamed in supernatural ecstasy,
who jumped in limousines with the Chinaman of Oklahoma on the impulse of winter midnight streetlight smalltown rain,
who lounged hungry and lonesome through Houston seeking jazz or sex or soup, and followed the brilliant Spaniard to converse about America and Eternity, a hopeless task, and so took ship to Africa,
who disappeared into the volcanoes of Mexico leaving behind nothing but the shadow of dungarees and the lava and ash of poetry scattered in fireplace Chicago,
who reappeared on the West Coast investigating the FBI in beards and shorts with big pacifist eyes sexy in their dark skin passing out incomprehensible leaflets,
who burned cigarette holes in their arms protesting the narcotic tobacco haze of Capitalism,
who distributed Supercommunist pamphlets in Union Square weeping and undressing while the sirens of Los Alamos wailed them down, and wailed down Wall, and the Staten Island ferry also wailed,
who broke down crying in white gymnasiums naked and trembling before the machinery of other skeletons,
who bit detectives in the neck and shrieked with delight in policecars for committing no crime but their own wild cooking pederasty and intoxication,
who howled on their knees in the subway and were dragged off the roof waving genitals and manuscripts,
who let themselves be fucked in the ass by saintly motorcyclists, and screamed with joy,
who blew and were blown by those human seraphim, the sailors, caresses of Atlantic and Caribbean love,
who balled in the morning in the evenings in rosegardens and the grass of public parks and cemeteries scattering their semen freely to whomever come who may,
who hiccuped endlessly trying to giggle but wound up with a sob behind a partition in a Turkish Bath when the blond & naked angel came to pierce them with a sword,
who lost their loveboys to the three old shrews of fate the one eyed shrew of the heterosexual dollar the one eyed shrew that winks out of the womb and the one eyed shrew that does nothing but sit on her ass and snip the intellectual golden threads of the craftsman’s loom,
who copulated ecstatic and insatiate with a bottle of beer a sweetheart a package of cigarettes a candle and fell off the bed, and continued along the floor and down the hall and ended fainting on the wall with a vision of ultimate cunt and come eluding the last gyzym of consciousness,
who sweetened the snatches of a million girls trembling in the sunset, and were red eyed in the morning but prepared to sweeten the snatch of the sunrise, flashing buttocks under barns and naked in the lake,
who went out whoring through Colorado in myriad stolen night-cars, N.C., secret hero of these poems, cocksman and Adonis of Denver—joy to the memory of his innumerable lays of girls in empty lots & diner backyards, moviehouses’ rickety rows, on mountaintops in caves or with gaunt waitresses in familiar roadside lonely petticoat upliftings & especially secret gas-station solipsisms of johns, & hometown alleys too,
who faded out in vast sordid movies, were shifted in dreams, woke on a sudden Manhattan, and picked themselves up out of basements hung-over with heartless Tokay and horrors of Third Avenue iron dreams & stumbled to unemployment offices,
who walked all night with their shoes full of blood on the snowbank docks waiting for a door in the East River to open to a room full of steam-heat and opium,
who created great suicidal dramas on the apartment cliff-banks of the Hudson under the wartime blue floodlight of the moon & their heads shall be crowned with laurel in oblivion,
who ate the lamb stew of the imagination or digested the crab at the muddy bottom of the rivers of Bowery,
who wept at the romance of the streets with their pushcarts full of onions and bad music,
who sat in boxes breathing in the darkness under the bridge, and rose up to build harpsichords in their lofts,
who coughed on the sixth floor of Harlem crowned with flame under the tubercular sky surrounded by orange crates of theology,
who scribbled all night rocking and rolling over lofty incantations which in the yellow morning were stanzas of gibberish,
who cooked rotten animals lung heart feet tail borsht & tortillas dreaming of the pure vegetable kingdom,
who plunged themselves under meat trucks looking for an egg,
who threw their watches off the roof to cast their ballot for Eternity outside of Time, & alarm clocks fell on their heads every day for the next decade,
who cut their wrists three times successively unsuccessfully, gave up and were forced to open antique stores where they thought they were growing old and cried,
who were burned alive in their innocent flannel suits on Madison Avenue amid blasts of leaden verse & the tanked-up clatter of the iron regiments of fashion & the nitroglycerine shrieks of the fairies of advertising & the mustard gas of sinister intelligent editors, or were run down by the drunken taxicabs of Absolute Reality,
who jumped off the Brooklyn Bridge this actually happened and walked away unknown and forgotten into the ghostly daze of Chinatown soup alleyways & firetrucks, not even one free beer,
who sang out of their windows in despair, fell out of the subway window, jumped in the filthy Passaic, leaped on negroes, cried all over the street, danced on broken wineglasses barefoot smashed phonograph records of nostalgic European 1930s German jazz finished the whiskey and threw up groaning into the bloody toilet, moans in their ears and the blast of colossal steamwhistles,
who barreled down the highways of the past journeying to each other’s hotrod-Golgotha jail-solitude watch or Birmingham jazz incarnation,
who drove crosscountry seventytwo hours to find out if I had a vision or you had a vision or he had a vision to find out Eternity,
who journeyed to Denver, who died in Denver, who came back to Denver & waited in vain, who watched over Denver & brooded & loned in Denver and finally went away to find out the Time, & now Denver is lonesome for her heroes,
who fell on their knees in hopeless cathedrals praying for each other’s salvation and light and breasts, until the soul illuminated its hair for a second,
who crashed through their minds in jail waiting for impossible criminals with golden heads and the charm of reality in their hearts who sang sweet blues to Alcatraz,
who retired to Mexico to cultivate a habit, or Rocky Mount to tender Buddha or Tangiers to boys or Southern Pacific to the black locomotive or Harvard to Narcissus to Woodlawn to the daisychain or grave,
who demanded sanity trials accusing the radio of hypnotism & were left with their insanity & their hands & a hung jury,
who threw potato salad at CCNY lecturers on Dadaism and subsequently presented themselves on the granite steps of the madhouse with shaven heads and harlequin speech of suicide, demanding instantaneous lobotomy,
and who were given instead the concrete void of insulin Metrazol electricity hydrotherapy psychotherapy occupational therapy pingpong & amnesia,
who in humorless protest overturned only one symbolic pingpong table, resting briefly in catatonia,
returning years later truly bald except for a wig of blood, and tears and fingers, to the visible madman doom of the wards of the madtowns of the East,
Pilgrim State’s Rockland’s and Greystone’s foetid halls, bickering with the echoes of the soul, rocking and rolling in the midnight solitude-bench dolmen-realms of love, dream of life a nightmare, bodies turned to stone as heavy as the moon,
with mother finally and the last fantastic book flung out of the tenement window, and the last door closed at 4 A.M. and the last telephone slammed at the wall in reply and the last furnished room emptied down to the last piece of mental furniture, a yellow paper rose twisted on a wire hanger in the closet, and even that imaginary, nothing but a hopeful little bit of hallucination—
ah, Carl, while you are not safe I am not safe, and now you’re really in the total animal soup of time—
and who therefore ran through the icy streets obsessed with a sudden flash of the alchemy of the use of the ellipsis catalogue a variable measure and the vibrating plane,
who dreamt and made incarnate gaps in Time & Space through images juxtaposed, and trapped the archangel of the soul between 2 visual images and joined the elemental verbs and set the noun and dash of consciousness together jumping with sensation of Pater Omnipotens Aeterna Deus
to recreate the syntax and measure of poor human prose and stand before you speechless and intelligent and shaking with shame, rejected yet confessing out the soul to conform to the rhythm of thought in his naked and endless head,
the madman bum and angel beat in Time, unknown, yet putting down here what might be left to say in time come after death,
and rose reincarnate in the ghostly clothes of jazz in the goldhorn shadow of the band and blew the suffering of America’s naked mind for love into an eli eli lamma lamma sabacthani saxophone cry that shivered the cities down to the last radio
with the absolute heart of the poem of life butchered out of their own bodies good to eat a thousand years.
What sphinx of cement and aluminum bashed open their skulls and ate up their brains and imagination?
Moloch! Solitude! Filth! Ugliness! Ashcans and unobtainable dollars! Children screaming under the stairways! Boys sobbing in armies! Old men weeping in the parks!
Moloch! Moloch! Nightmare of Moloch! Moloch the loveless! Mental Moloch! Moloch the heavy judger of men!
Moloch the incomprehensible prison! Moloch the crossbone soulless jailhouse and Congress of sorrows! Moloch whose buildings are judgment! Moloch the vast stone of war! Moloch the stunned governments!
Moloch whose mind is pure machinery! Moloch whose blood is running money! Moloch whose fingers are ten armies! Moloch whose breast is a cannibal dynamo! Moloch whose ear is a smoking tomb!
Moloch whose eyes are a thousand blind windows! Moloch whose skyscrapers stand in the long streets like endless Jehovahs! Moloch whose factories dream and croak in the fog! Moloch whose smoke-stacks and antennae crown the cities!
Moloch whose love is endless oil and stone! Moloch whose soul is electricity and banks! Moloch whose poverty is the specter of genius! Moloch whose fate is a cloud of sexless hydrogen! Moloch whose name is the Mind!
Moloch in whom I sit lonely! Moloch in whom I dream Angels! Crazy in Moloch! Cocksucker in Moloch! Lacklove and manless in Moloch!
Moloch who entered my soul early! Moloch in whom I am a consciousness without a body! Moloch who frightened me out of my natural ecstasy! Moloch whom I abandon! Wake up in Moloch! Light streaming out of the sky!
Moloch! Moloch! Robot apartments! invisible suburbs! skeleton treasuries! blind capitals! demonic industries! spectral nations! invincible madhouses! granite cocks! monstrous bombs!
They broke their backs lifting Moloch to Heaven! Pavements, trees, radios, tons! lifting the city to Heaven which exists and is everywhere about us!
Visions! omens! hallucinations! miracles! ecstasies! gone down the American river!
Dreams! adorations! illuminations! religions! the whole boatload of sensitive bullshit!
Breakthroughs! over the river! flips and crucifixions! gone down the flood! Highs! Epiphanies! Despairs! Ten years’ animal screams and suicides! Minds! New loves! Mad generation! down on the rocks of Time!
Real holy laughter in the river! They saw it all! the wild eyes! the holy yells! They bade farewell! They jumped off the roof! to solitude! waving! carrying flowers! Down to the river! into the street!
You may write me down in history
With your bitter, twisted lies,
You may trod me in the very dirt
But still, like dust, I'll rise.

Does my sassiness upset you?
Why are you beset with gloom?
’Cause I walk like I've got oil wells
Pumping in my living room.

Just like moons and like suns,
With the certainty of tides,
Just like hopes springing high,
Still I'll rise.

Did you want to see me broken?
Bowed head and lowered eyes?
Shoulders falling down like teardrops,
Weakened by my soulful cries?

Does my haughtiness offend you?
Don't you take it awful hard
’Cause I laugh like I've got gold mines
Diggin’ in my own backyard.

You may shoot me with your words,
You may cut me with your eyes,
You may kill me with your hatefulness,
But still, like air, I’ll rise.

Does my sexiness upset you?
Does it come as a surprise
That I dance like I've got diamonds
At the meeting of my thighs?

Out of the huts of history’s shame
I rise
Up from a past that’s rooted in pain
I rise
I'm a black ocean, leaping and wide,
Welling and swelling I bear in the tide.

Leaving behind nights of terror and fear
I rise
Into a daybreak that’s wondrously clear
I rise
Bringing the gifts that my ancestors gave,
I am the dream and the hope of the slave.
I rise
I rise
I rise.
Do not go gentle into that good night,
Old age should burn and rave at close of day;
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.

Though wise men at their end know dark is right,
Because their words had forked no lightning they
Do not go gentle into that good night.

Good men, the last wave by, crying how bright
Their frail deeds might have danced in a green bay,
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.

Wild men who caught and sang the sun in flight,
And learn, too late, they grieved it on its way,
Do not go gentle into that good night.

Grave men, near death, who see with blinding sight
Blind eyes could blaze like meteors and be gay,
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.

And you, my father, there on the sad height,
Curse, bless, me now with your fierce tears, I pray.
Do not go gentle into that good night.
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
In Xanadu did Kubla Khan
A stately pleasure-dome decree:
Where Alph, the sacred river, ran
Through caverns measureless to man
   Down to a sunless sea.
So twice five miles of fertile ground
With walls and towers were girdled round;
And there were gardens bright with sinuous rills,
Where blossomed many an incense-bearing tree;
And here were forests ancient as the hills,
Enfolding sunny spots of greenery.
My sleeping schedule is kinda messy
I can't sleep at all
My heart and soul lives in the waves drive
But oh! that deep romantic chasm which slanted
Down the green hill athwart a cedarn cover!
A savage place! as holy and enchanted
As e’er beneath a waning moon was haunted
By woman wailing for her demon-lover!
And from this chasm, with ceaseless turmoil seething,
As if this earth in fast thick pants were breathing,
A mighty fountain momently was forced:
Amid whose swift half-intermitted burst
Huge fragments vaulted like rebounding hail,
Or chaffy grain beneath the thresher’s flail:
And mid these dancing rocks at once and ever
It flung up momently the sacred river.
Five miles meandering with a mazy motion
Through wood and dale the sacred river ran,
Then reached the caverns measureless to man,
And sank in tumult to a lifeless ocean;
And ’mid this tumult Kubla heard from far
Ancestral voices prophesying war!
   The shadow of the dome of pleasure
   Floated midway on the waves;
   Where was heard the mingled measure
   From the fountain and the caves.
It was a miracle of rare device,
A sunny pleasure-dome with caves of ice!
Poem for My Love
How do we come to be here next to each other   
in the night
Where are the stars that show us to our love   
inevitable
Outside the leaves flame usual in darkness   
and the rain
falls cool and blessed on the holy flesh   
the black men waiting on the corner for   
a womanly mirage
I am amazed by peace
It is this possibility of you
asleep
and breathing in the quiet air
   A damsel with a dulcimer
   In a vision once I saw:
   It was an Abyssinian maid
   And on her dulcimer she played,
   Singing of Mount Abora.
   Could I revive within me
   Her symphony and song,
   To such a deep delight would win me,
That with music loud and long,
Take all my loves, my love, yea, take them all:
What hast thou then more than thou hadst before?
No love, my love, that thou mayst true love call—
All mine was thine before thou hadst this more.
Then if for my love thou my love receivest,
I cannot blame thee for my love thou usest;
But yet be blamed if thou this self deceivest
By wilful taste of what thyself refusest.
I do forgive thy robb’ry, gentle thief,
Although thou steal thee all my poverty;
And yet love knows it is a greater grief
To bear love’s wrong than hate’s known injury.
    Lascivious grace, in whom all ill well shows,
    Kill me with spites, yet we must not be foes.
I loved you first: but afterwards your love
Outsoaring mine, sang such a loftier song
As drowned the friendly cooings of my dove.
Which owes the other most? my love was long,
And yours one moment seemed to wax more strong;
I loved and guessed at you, you construed me
And loved me for what might or might not be –
Nay, weights and measures do us both a wrong.
For verily love knows not ‘mine’ or ‘thine;’
With separate ‘I’ and ‘thou’ free love has done,
For one is both and both are one in love:
Rich love knows nought of ‘thine that is not mine;’
Both have the strength and both the length thereof,
Both of us, of the love which makes us one.
I've been dreaming for so long
To find a meaning to understand
The secret of life
Why am I here to try again?

Will I always, will you always
See the truth when it stares you in the face?
Will I ever, will I never
Free myself by breaking these chains?

I'd give my heart, I'd give my soul
I'd turn it back, it's my fault
Your destiny is forlorn, have to live till it's undone
I'd give my heart, I'd give my soul
I'd turn it back and then at last I'll be on my way

I've been living for so long
Many seasons have passed me by
I've seen kingdoms through ages
Rise and fall, I've seen it all

I've seen the horror, I've seen the wonders
Happening just in front of my eyes
Will I ever, will I never
Free myself by making it right?

I'd give my heart, I'd give my soul
I'd turn it back, it's my fault
Your destiny is forlorn, have to live till it's undone
I'd give my heart, I'd give my soul
I'd turn it back and then at last I'll be on my way

Jillian our dream ended long ago
All our stories and all our glory I held so dear
We won't be together
For ever and ever, no more tears
I'll always be here until the end



I'd give my heart, I'd give my soul
I'd turn it back, it's my fault
Your destiny is forlorn, have to live till it's undone
I'd give my heart, I'd give my soul
I'd turn it back and then at last I'll be on my way
I would build that dome in air,
That sunny dome! those caves of ice!
And all who heard should see them there,
And all should cry, Beware! Beware!
His flashing eyes, his floating hair!
Weave a circle round him thrice,
And close your eyes with holy dread
For he on honey-dew hath fed,
And drunk the milk of Paradise.
I met a traveller from an antique land,
Who said—“Two vast and trunkless legs of stone
Stand in the desert. . . . Near them, on the sand,
Half sunk a shattered visage lies, whose frown,
And wrinkled lip, and sneer of cold command,
Tell that its sculptor well those passions read
Which yet survive, stamped on these lifeless things,
The hand that mocked them, and the heart that fed;
And on the pedestal, these words appear:
My name is Ozymandias, King of Kings;
Look on my Works, ye Mighty, and despair!
Nothing beside remains. Round the decay
Of that colossal Wreck, boundless and bare
The lone and level sands stretch far away.”
Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary,
Over many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten lore—
    While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping,
As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door.
“’Tis some visitor,” I muttered, “tapping at my chamber door—
            Only this and nothing more.”

    Ah, distinctly I remember it was in the bleak December;
And each separate dying ember wrought its ghost upon the floor.
    Eagerly I wished the morrow;—vainly I had sought to borrow
    From my books surcease of sorrow—sorrow for the lost Lenore—
For the rare and radiant maiden whom the angels name Lenore—
            Nameless here for evermore.

    And the silken, sad, uncertain rustling of each purple curtain
Thrilled me—filled me with fantastic terrors never felt before;
    So that now, to still the beating of my heart, I stood repeating
    “’Tis some visitor entreating entrance at my chamber door—
Some late visitor entreating entrance at my chamber door;—
            This it is and nothing more.”

    Presently my soul grew stronger; hesitating then no longer,
“Sir,” said I, “or Madam, truly your forgiveness I implore;
    But the fact is I was napping, and so gently you came rapping,
    And so faintly you came tapping, tapping at my chamber door,
That I scarce was sure I heard you”—here I opened wide the door;—
            Darkness there and nothing more.

    Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there wondering, fearing,
Doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before;
    But the silence was unbroken, and the stillness gave no token,
    And the only word there spoken was the whispered word, “Lenore?”
This I whispered, and an echo murmured back the word, “Lenore!”—
            Merely this and nothing more.

    Back into the chamber turning, all my soul within me burning,
Soon again I heard a tapping somewhat louder than before.
    “Surely,” said I, “surely that is something at my window lattice;
      Let me see, then, what thereat is, and this mystery explore—
Let my heart be still a moment and this mystery explore;—
            ’Tis the wind and nothing more!”

    Open here I flung the shutter, when, with many a flirt and flutter,
In there stepped a stately Raven of the saintly days of yore;
    Not the least obeisance made he; not a minute stopped or stayed he;
    But, with mien of lord or lady, perched above my chamber door—
Perched upon a bust of Pallas just above my chamber door—
            Perched, and sat, and nothing more.

Then this ebony bird beguiling my sad fancy into smiling,
By the grave and stern decorum of the countenance it wore,
“Though thy crest be shorn and shaven, thou,” I said, “art sure no craven,
Ghastly grim and ancient Raven wandering from the Nightly shore—
Tell me what thy lordly name is on the Night’s Plutonian shore!”
            Quoth the Raven “Nevermore.”

    Much I marvelled this ungainly fowl to hear discourse so plainly,
Though its answer little meaning—little relevancy bore;
    For we cannot help agreeing that no living human being
    Ever yet was blessed with seeing bird above his chamber door—
Bird or beast upon the sculptured bust above his chamber door,
            With such name as “Nevermore.”
Out of the night that covers me,
      Black as the pit from pole to pole,
I thank whatever gods may be
      For my unconquerable soul.
And so even though we face the difficulties of today and tomorrow, I still have a dream. It is a dream deeply rooted in the American dream.

I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed: "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal."

I have a dream that one day on the red hills of Georgia, the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slave owners will be able to sit down together at the table of brotherhood.

I have a dream that one day even the state of Mississippi, a state sweltering with the heat of injustice, sweltering with the heat of oppression, will be transformed into an oasis of freedom and justice.

I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.

I have a dream today!

I have a dream that one day, down in Alabama, with its vicious racists, with its governor having his lips dripping with the words of "interposition" and "nullification" -- one day right there in Alabama little black boys and black girls will be able to join hands with little white boys and white girls as sisters and brothers.

I have a dream today!

I have a dream that one day every valley shall be exalted, and every hill and mountain shall be made low, the rough places will be made plain, and the crooked places will be made straight; "and the glory of the Lord shall be revealed and all flesh shall see it together."2

This is our hope, and this is the faith that I go back to the South with.

With this faith, we will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope. With this faith, we will be able to transform the jangling discords of our nation into a beautiful symphony of brotherhood. With this faith, we will be able to work together, to pray together, to struggle together, to go to jail together, to stand up for freedom together, knowing that we will be free one day.

And this will be the day -- this will be the day when all of God's children will be able to sing with new meaning:

My country 'tis of thee, sweet land of liberty, of thee I sing. Land where my fathers died, land of the Pilgrim's pride,    From every mountainside, let freedom ring!

And if America is to be a great nation, this must become true.

And so let freedom ring from the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire.

Let freedom ring from the mighty mountains of New York.

Let freedom ring from the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania.

Let freedom ring from the snow-capped Rockies of Colorado.

Let freedom ring from the curvaceous slopes of California.
In the fell clutch of circumstance
      I have not winced nor cried aloud.
Under the bludgeonings of chance
      My head is bloody, but unbowed.

Beyond this place of wrath and tears
      Looms but the Horror of the shade,
And yet the menace of the years
      Finds and shall find me unafraid.

It matters not how strait the gate,
      How charged with punishments the scroll,
I am the master of my fate,
      I am the captain of my soul.

    But the Raven, sitting lonely on the placid bust, spoke only
That one word, as if his soul in that one word he did outpour.
    Nothing farther then he uttered—not a feather then he fluttered—
    Till I scarcely more than muttered “Other friends have flown before—
On the morrow he will leave me, as my Hopes have flown before.”
            Then the bird said “Nevermore.”

    Startled at the stillness broken by reply so aptly spoken,
“Doubtless,” said I, “what it utters is its only stock and store
    Caught from some unhappy master whom unmerciful Disaster
    Followed fast and followed faster till his songs one burden bore—
Till the dirges of his Hope that melancholy burden bore
            Of ‘Never—nevermore’.”

    But the Raven still beguiling all my fancy into smiling,
Straight I wheeled a cushioned seat in front of bird, and bust and door;
    Then, upon the velvet sinking, I betook myself to linking
    Fancy unto fancy, thinking what this ominous bird of yore—
What this grim, ungainly, ghastly, gaunt, and ominous bird of yore
            Meant in croaking “Nevermore.”

    This I sat engaged in guessing, but no syllable expressing
To the fowl whose fiery eyes now burned into my bosom’s core;
    This and more I sat divining, with my head at ease reclining
    On the cushion’s velvet lining that the lamp-light gloated o’er,
But whose velvet-violet lining with the lamp-light gloating o’er,
            She shall press, ah, nevermore!

    Then, methought, the air grew denser, perfumed from an unseen censer
Swung by Seraphim whose foot-falls tinkled on the tufted floor.
    “Wretch,” I cried, “thy God hath lent thee—by these angels he hath sent thee
    Respite—respite and nepenthe from thy memories of Lenore;
Quaff, oh quaff this kind nepenthe and forget this lost Lenore!”
            Quoth the Raven “Nevermore.”

    “Prophet!” said I, “thing of evil!—prophet still, if bird or devil!—
Whether Tempter sent, or whether tempest tossed thee here ashore,
    Desolate yet all undaunted, on this desert land enchanted—
    On this home by Horror haunted—tell me truly, I implore—
Is there—is there balm in Gilead?—tell me—tell me, I implore!”
            Quoth the Raven “Nevermore.”

    “Prophet!” said I, “thing of evil!—prophet still, if bird or devil!
By that Heaven that bends above us—by that God we both adore—
    Tell this soul with sorrow laden if, within the distant Aidenn,
    It shall clasp a sainted maiden whom the angels name Lenore—
Clasp a rare and radiant maiden whom the angels name Lenore.”
            Quoth the Raven “Nevermore.”

    “Be that word our sign of parting, bird or fiend!” I shrieked, upstarting—
“Get thee back into the tempest and the Night’s Plutonian shore!
    Leave no black plume as a token of that lie thy soul hath spoken!
    Leave my loneliness unbroken!—quit the bust above my door!
Take thy beak from out my heart, and take thy form from off my door!”
            Quoth the Raven “Nevermore.”

    And the Raven, never flitting, still is sitting, still is sitting
On the pallid bust of Pallas just above my chamber door;
    And his eyes have all the seeming of a demon’s that is dreaming,
    And the lamp-light o’er him streaming throws his shadow on the floor;
And my soul from out that shadow that lies floating on the floor
            Shall be lifted—nevermore!
The storyteller folds her slender hands - both pairs - and speaks. “It happened an age ago. But when I recall, I see it true.” So begins the tale of the Shattering, a devastating war between the children of Marika, Demigods of the Lands Between. One grim night in the depths of winter, a flock of unknown assassins stole across the Lands Between.

In a coetaneous attack, this foul covenant snuffed out the lives of many of the God-Queen’s kin throughout the empire, too numerous and too scattered for her godly protection to save. The assassins’ targets were multifold, but none was as devastating a loss to the Eternal Queen as that of Godwyn the Golden. After his death, the Elden Ring was somehow shattered, and the order of the world broke with it.

Out of this chaos came war. Open, bitter war, pitting blood against blood and kin against kin. The conflict broke a vast and prosperous empire into brittle fragments. No single side could find enough purchase to maintain a decisive victory, even when fueled by the power of a Great Rune.

The battle of General Radahn against Malenia the Severed illustrated that neither strength nor skill alone would be enough to take control of the entirety of the lands Marika had united. And so, the Lands Between are no longer gripped by open war, but caught in an uneasy stalemate that seems impossible to resolve. “Unless of course,” the storyteller says, a coy smile on both her lips, “thou shouldst take the crown?”

Take a deeper dive into the carefully crafted mythology of George R.R. Martin – author of The New York Times best-selling fantasy series, A Song of Ice and Fire – and the world created by FromSoftware based on his work in this new trailer available here.

Transported to ages long ago, you will relive the Shattering, a war that brought darkness to the Lands Between, initiated by demigods’ hunger for power. You’ll fight alongside General Radahn and Malenia the Severed, but even these two undefeatable warriors couldn’t reunite a world so badly broken. There is only one hope left: the hope that a new Elden Lord will rise and lift the veil of shadows that has fallen over Marika’s domain.

The wait is almost over. Soon you’ll venture into the Lands Between and strive to become its Elden Lord. Stand ready, Tarnished, and prepare to claim what fate has promised you.

characterized by his flowing red locks, is Queen Marika's second chosen consort and a great warrior. His early life and how he came to be a prominent figure in the Golden Order remain a mystery. There is speculation that he may be a smaller-sized Fire Giant from the descriptions of the Sword of Milos and Giant's Red Braid. Another running theory is that he was cursed to have red hair by the Fire Giants as a result of the Golden Order's war with them. Either way, Radagon was said to have hated the red-tint of his hair.

In the war against Liurnia of the Lakes and it's inhabitants, he was tasked by Marika to lead the Erdtree's armies. The sword monuments the Tarnished can find in Liurnia suggest that there were two Liurnian Wars, and that it was after the second war that Radagon and Rennala fell in love. Radagon sought absolution at the Church of Vows using Celestial Dew, and the two were bonded by marriage, uniting the Capital of Leyndell and Academy of Raya Lucaria. The Glintstone Kris is one of the symbols of the unity of the two factions.

As is tradition, Rennala bestowed a Moon Greatsword onto Radagon, her spouse. They bore 3 children - General Radahn, Praetor Rykard, and Lunar Princess Ranni. However, much to Rennala's dismay, Radagon gifted her an Amber Egg and left her to join Marika's side when Godfrey and his fellow Tarnished were exiled from the Lands Between. They had the twin demigods, Miquella and Malenia, and he reforged his Moon Greatsword into the Golden Order Greatsword.  A speculated explanation for the requirement of both Faith and Intelligence in casting Golden Order Incantations is due to Radagon having learnt sorceries while Rennala's consort and incantations when consort to Queen Marika.

It is revealed by a statue in the Royal Capital that Marika and Radagon are one and the same. It is unlcear whether they were always one, whether Radagon is a fragment of Marika, or as Melina's dialogue suggests, that they became one after becoming consorts. Despite being one and the same person, Marika and Radagon held different wills and when Marika shattered the Elden Ring, he used the same hammer she used to try to repair it.
Son of Queen Marika and her first consort, Godfrey. Unlike his twin brother who distanced himself from his Omen nature, Mohg fully embraced his accursed Omen blood and traits. Like his brother, he was shackled deep within the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds. While imprisoned underground, he encountered the Formless Mother, an outer god like the Greater Will. This encounter caused his accursed omen blood to ignite, and gave him the ability to cast bloodflame incantations. Mohg used his spear, Mohgwyn's Sacred Spear, to further communicate with the Formless Mother.

At sone point he managed to escape from the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds, and established the Mohgwyn Palace in a secluded part of the Siofra River. He recruited multiple people to become followers of the upcoming Mohgwyn Dynasty, offering deals to some, like Bloody Finger Okina, and kidnapping others, like the War Surgeons.

While he is not an Empyrean himself and thus unable to ascend to godhood, he hoped to claim the title of monarch by raising empyrean Miquella to full godhood and becoming his consort. Mohg stole the slumbering Miquella from inside the Haligtree and attempted to rouse him with his accursed blood. However, no matter how much blood he offered and how much he shared his bedchambers with the empyrean, Miquella never woke from his slumber.
Praetor Rykard, Lord of the Volcano Manor and a ruthless justiciar. He is the son of Rennala and Radagon and like his siblings, became a demigod after Radagon's unity with Queen Marika. Rykard presides over Mt. Gelmir and was served by the Gelmir Knights. The lava sorceries the Tarnished can learn were created by Rykard, with some being old hexes from Mt. Gelmir that he turned into practical sorceries. At some point, Rykard met Tanith in a foreign land and brought her back to the Lands Between to be his consort.

Rykard had a hand in the Night of the Black Knives, though to what extent is unclear. The Blasphemous Claw was an item rewarded by his sister Ranni allowing him to challenge Maliketh as a last resort. The description for the Taker's Cameo implies that Rykard believed that Marika and her Order ruled by force, and so he swore himself to blasphemy and sought to overthrow them, an ambition that drew many towards him.

The ancient people of Mt. Gelmir worshipped a powerful serpent god that they would offer up sacrifices to. Rykard one day encountered the God-Devouring Serpent and offered himself and his Great Rune up as sacrifices to grant himself immortality, allowing him to grow and devour people and gods alike for all eternity. This fall into greed and glutinous depravity caused most of his followers to turn against him, with Tanith being a notable exception. Those who were once Gelmir Knights sought out the Serpent-Hunter, a great spear designed to hunt the immortal serpent, to put an end to their Lord. They found the mythical weapon, but were unsuccessful in defeating Rykard, as evident from the corpses holding the Serpent-Hunter in his boss room.

When the Tarnished visits the Volcano Manor, they can find it's members following Rykard's blasphemous path. It is later revealed that those who proved themselves as recusants were granted an audience with Rykard and became part of the family - that is by being devoured by the great serpent himself.

 
engrave
engraved
engravement
engraven
engraver
engravers
engraves
grave
grave-born
grave-bound
grave-browed
graveclod
gravecloth
graveclothes
grave-clothes
grave-colored
graved
gravedigger
grave-digger
gravediggers
grave-digging
gravedo
grave-faced
gravegarth
graveyard
graveyards
gravel
gravel-bind
gravel-blind
gravel-blindness
graveldiver
graveled
graveless
gravel-grass
gravely
gravelike
graveling
gravelish
gravelled
Gravelly
gravelliness
gravelling
grave-looking
gravelous
gravel-pit
gravelroot
gravels
gravelstone
gravel-stone
gravel-walk
gravelweed
gravemaker
gravemaking
graveman
gravemaster
graven
graveness
gravenesses
Gravenhage
Gravenstein
graveolence
graveolency
graveolent
graver
gravery
grave-riven
graverobber
graverobbing
grave-robbing
gravers
Graves
Gravesend
graveship
graveside
gravest
gravestead
gravestone
gravestones
grave-toned
Gravette
Gravettian
grave-visaged
graveward
gravewards
grave-wax
ingrapple
ingrate
ingrateful
ingratefully
ingratefulness
ingrately
ingrates
ingratiate
ingratiated
ingratiates
ingratiating
ingratiatingly
ingratiation
ingratiatory
ingratitude
ingratitudes
Ingra
ingracious
ingraft
ingraftation
ingrafted
ingrafter
ingrafting
ingraftment
ingrafts
Ingraham
ingrain
ingrained
ingrainedly
ingrainedness
ingraining
ingrains
Ingram
ingrammaticism
ingramness
ingrandize
ingrapple
ingrate
ingrateful
ingratefully
ingratefulness
ingrately
ingrates
ingratiate
ingratiated
ingratiates
ingratiating
ingratiatingly
ingratiation
ingratiatory
ingratitude
ingratitudes
ingrave
ingravescence
ingravescent
ingravidate
ingravidation
ingreat
ingredience
ingredient
ingredients
integer
integers
integer's
integrability
integrable
integral
integrality
integralization
integralize
integrally
integrals
integral's
integrand
integrant
integraph
integrate
integrated
integrates
integrating
integration
integrationist
integrations
integrative
integrator
integrifolious
integrious
integriously
integripallial
integripalliate
integrity
integrities
integrodifferential
integropallial
Integropallialia
Integropalliata
integropalliate
integumation
integument
integumental
integumentary
integumentation
integuments
irradiations
irradiative
irradiator
irradicable
irradicably
irradicate
irradicated
irrarefiable
irrate
irrationability
irrationable
irrationably
irrational
irrationalise
irrationalised
irrationalising
irrationalism
irrationalist
irrationalistic
irrationality
irrationalities
irrationalize
irrationalized
irrationalizing
irrationally
irrationalness
irrationals
Irrawaddy
irreal
irreality
irrealizable
irrebuttable
irreceptive
irreceptivity
irreciprocal
irreciprocity
irreclaimability
irreclaimable
irreclaimableness
irreclaimably
irreclaimed
irrecognition
irrecognizability
irrecognizable
irrecognizably
irrecognizant
irrecollection
irreconcilability
irreconcilabilities
irreconcilable
irreconcilableness
irreconcilably
irreconcile
irreconciled
irreconcilement
irreconciliability
irreconciliable
irreconciliableness
irreconciliably
irreconciliation
irrecordable
irrecoverable
irrecoverableness
irrecoverably
irrecuperable
irrecurable
irrecusable
irrecusably
irred
irredeemability
irredeemable
irredeemableness
irredeemably
irredeemed
irredenta
irredential
Irredentism
Irredentist
irredentists
irredressibility
irredressible
irredressibly
irreducibility
irreducibilities
irreducible
irreducibleness
irreducibly
irreductibility
irreductible
irreduction
irreferable
irreflection
irreflective
irreflectively
irreflectiveness
irreflexive
irreformability
irreformable
irrefragability
irrefragable
irrefragableness
irrefragably
irrefrangibility
irrefrangible
irrefrangibleness
irrefrangibly
irrefusable
irrefutability
irrefutable
irrefutableness
irrefutably
irreg
irreg.
irregardless
irregeneracy
irregenerate
irregeneration
irregular
irregularism
irregularist
irregularity
irregularities
irregularize
irregularly
irregularness
irregulars
irregulate
irregulated
irregulation
irregulous
irrejectable
irrelapsable
irrelate
irrelated
irrelation
irrelative
irrelatively
irrelativeness
irrelevance
irrelevances
irrelevancy
irrelevancies
irrelevant
irrelevantly
irreliability
irrelievable
irreligion
irreligionism
irreligionist
irreligionize
irreligiosity
irreligious
irreligiously
irreligiousness
irreluctant
irremeable
irremeably
irremediable
irremediableness
irremediably
irremediless
irrememberable
irremissibility
irremissible
irremissibleness
irremissibly
irremission
irremissive
irremittable
irremovability
irremovable
irremovableness
irremovably
irremunerable
irrenderable
irrenewable
irrenowned
irrenunciable
irrepair
irrepairable
irreparability
irreparable
irreparableness
irreparably
irrepassable
irrepatriable
irrepealability
irrepealable
irrepealableness
irrepealably
irrepentance
irrepentant
irrepentantly
irrepetant
irreplacable
irreplacably
irreplaceability
irreplaceable
irreplaceableness
irreplaceably
irrepleviable
irreplevisable
irreportable
irreprehensibility
irreprehensible
irreprehensibleness
irreprehensibly
irrepresentable
irrepresentableness
irrepressibility
irrepressible
irrepressibleness
irrepressibly
irrepressive
irreproachability
irreproachable
irreproachableness
irreproachably
irreproducibility
irreproducible
irreproductive
irreprovable
irreprovableness
irreprovably
irreption
irreptitious
irrepublican
irreputable
irresilience
irresiliency
irresilient
irresistable
irresistably
irresistance
irresistibility
irresistible
irresistibleness
irresistibly
irresistless
irresolubility
irresoluble
irresolubleness
irresolute
irresolutely
irresoluteness
irresolution
irresolutions
irresolvability
irresolvable
irresolvableness
irresolved
irresolvedly
irresonance
irresonant
irrespectability
irrespectable
irrespectful
irrespective
irrespectively
irrespirable
irrespondence
irresponsibility
irresponsibilities
irresponsible
irresponsibleness
irresponsibly
irresponsive
irresponsiveness
irrestrainable
irrestrainably
irrestrictive
irresultive
irresuscitable
irresuscitably
irretention
irretentive
irretentiveness
irreticence
irreticent
irretraceable
irretraceably
irretractable
irretractile
irretrievability
irretrievable
irretrievableness
irretrievably
irreturnable
irrevealable
irrevealably
irreverence
irreverences
irreverend
irreverendly
irreverent
irreverential
irreverentialism
irreverentially
irreverently
irreversibility
irreversible
irreversibleness
irreversibly
irrevertible
irreviewable
irrevisable
irrevocability
irrevocable
irrevocableness
irrevocably
irrevoluble
irrhation
irride
irridenta
irrigable
irrigably
irrigant
irrigate
irrigated
irrigates
irrigating
irrigation
irrigational
irrigationist
irrigations
irrigative
irrigator
irrigatory
irrigatorial
irrigators
Irrigon
irriguous
irriguousness
irrisible
irrision
irrisor
irrisory
Irrisoridae
irritability
irritabilities
irritable
irritableness
irritably
irritament
irritancy
irritancies
irritant
irritants
irritate
irritated
irritatedly
irritates
irritating
irritatingly
irritation
irritation-proof
irritations
irritative
irritativeness
irritator
irritatory
irrite
Irritila
irritomotile
irritomotility
irrogate
irrorate
Noble metal nanoparticles supporting plasmonic resonances behave as efficient nanosources of light, heat and energetic electrons. Owing to these properties, they offer a unique playground to trigger chemical reactions on the nanoscale. In this tutorial review, we discuss how nanoplasmonics can benefit chemistry and review the most recent developments in this new and fast growing field of research.
Applications of vibrational spectroscopy throughout the field of physical chemistry are limited by detectors with poor temporal resolution, low detection efficiency, and high background levels. Up to now, the field has relied upon detectors based on semiconducting materials with small bandgaps, which unavoidably leads to a compromise between good spectral response and noise at long wavelengths. However, a revolution in mid-infrared light detection is underway based on the interactions of photons with superconducting materials, which function under fundamentally different operating principles. Superconducting detectors were first used to detect light at shorter wavelengths. However, recent developments in their sensitivity toward mid-infrared wavelengths up to 10 μm provide new opportunities for applications in molecular science, such as infrared emission experiments, exoplanet spectroscopy and single molecule microscopy. In this tutorial review, we provide background information needed for the non-expert in superconducting light detection to apply these devices in the field of mid-infrared molecular spectroscopy. We present and compare the detection mechanisms and current developments of three types of superconducting detectors: superconducting nanowire single-photon detectors (SNSPDs), transition edge sensors (TESs), and microwave kinetic inductance detectors (MKIDs). We also highlight existing applications of SNSPDs for laser-induced infrared fluorescence experiments and discuss their potential for other molecular spectroscopy applications. Ultimately, superconducting infrared detectors have the potential to approach the sensitivity and characteristics of established single-photon detectors operating in the UV/Vis region, which have existed for almost a century and become an indispensable tool within the field of physical chemistry.
Molecular vibrational spectroscopy is central to many topics in chemistry, having proven essential to structure determination of unstable species,1 the study of intramolecular vibrational energy flow,2 chemical kinetics and reaction dynamics (resulting in one Nobel Prize),3 the invention of chemical lasers,4 and the identification of important trace species in our atmosphere.5 Despite this, many experimental techniques that are well established for electronic transitions still lack counterparts for vibrational transitions. For example, vibrational microscopy still suffers from poor detector performance,6 while visible fluorescence microscopy can be performed for single molecules.7
Overview of the typical spectral range covered by a selection of photodetectors relying on the photoelectric effect, semiconductors and superconductors as indicated by the coloured horizontal bars. A vertical bar at the long wavelength end indicates the upper limit imposed by the material's band structure for photocathodes and semiconductors, whereas the wavelength related to the energy gap in low-temperature superconductors is beyond the scale shown here. MKIDs and TESs essentially span the complete spectral range shown here but single-photon sensitivity above 1.55 and 4 μm, respectively, has yet to be demonstrated, as implied by the lighter green colour. Note that for SNSPDs, the upper edge of ∼10 μm does not correspond to a fundamental limit and only reflects currently accessible wavelengths. The region between 2.5 and 25 μm, highlighted in grey, indicates the spectral region where most fundamental vibrational frequencies are found. Selected examples of group frequencies are shown in addition.8 PMT: photomultiplier tube; SPAD: single-photon avalanche photodiode; PV: photovoltaic; PC: photoconductive; BIB-SSPM: blocked impurity band solid-state photomultiplier; SNSPD: superconducting nanowire single-photon detector; TES: transition edge sensor; MKID: microwave kinetic inductance detector.
With their inherently smaller energy gaps and unique operating mechanisms, superconducting infrared detectors have the potential to revolutionize mid-infrared detection for vibrational spectroscopy. In addition, they also operate not much below the cryogenic temperatures that are already required for the best performing semiconducting IR detectors.
Their potential for the mid- and even far-infrared also makes them interesting candidates for future space telescopes. Some mission concepts by NASA, such as the Origins space telescope (OST), already include plans for superconducting transition edge sensors (TESs) and microwave kinetic inductance detectors (MKIDs).9 Superconducting nanowire single-photon detectors (SNSPDs) are another class of promising candidates for mid-infrared instruments of future space telescopes, which will be important for the search for extra-terrestrial life through exoplanet spectroscopy.10
Despite the great potential of superconducting detectors for the mid-IR, most applications of these novel detectors have so far been outside the mid-IR range.11,12 However, recent advances in the development of SNSPDs for the mid-IR region have made possible the first applications in molecular spectroscopy.13–17 These and many additional experiments able to profit from such detectors will be highlighted throughout this review.
As the tutorial review is intended to be read by chemists at every level, it is organized as follows: Section 2 introduces fundamental concepts of (single) photon detection and general requirements for modern experiments relying on vibrational spectroscopy. Section 3 gives an overview of commonly used semiconducting IR detectors as well as the most important single-photon detectors for the UV/Vis to mid-IR range and discusses their limitations. Additionally, a short introduction to infrared detector arrays and cameras is given in Section 4. Section 5 introduces three types of superconducting IR detectors, explains their operating principles, and highlights current developments. In Section 6, the currently available studies in chemistry based on superconducting detectors are presented. Finally, Section 7 summarizes expected future developments of superconducting detectors and presents our analysis of other experiments and techniques that could profit from the implementation of such devices.
The system detection efficiency describes the overall probability that a photon emitted by the investigated sample or light source will be detected and is influenced by three factors (SDE = internal efficiency × absorption efficiency × coupling efficiency). Internal efficiency (sometimes referred to as quantum efficiency) describes the probability that an absorbed photon produces a detectable event, e.g. by releasing photoelectrons, exciting electrons to the conduction band in a semiconductor or inducing a normal-conducting state in a superconductor. As the name would suggest, absorption efficiency describes the probability that a photon reaching the detector will be absorbed. The coupling efficiency describes the probability that a photon emitted by the investigated sample or light source will reach the detector. It can be limited by geometrical constraints, e.g. the acceptance angle of the collection optics or a mismatch between the detector area and the cross section of an optical fiber, as well as reflection and absorption losses. Note that detectors are often characterized using setups with optimized coupling efficiency, for which SDEs near 100% are achieved. We emphasize that the SDE will often be reduced in a spectroscopic setup where additional optical components may be required.
Background and dark counts For single-photon detectors, it is important to distinguish between dark counts and background counts. Every detector produces dark counts even when perfectly isolated from background sources, such as blackbody radiation or high-energy particles. In contrast, background counts are detection events due to imperfect shielding, which allows the unwanted light or particles to enter the detection system. By analogy, the terms dark current and background current are used for photodetectors that detect analogue signals instead of discrete electrical pulses, where the dark current is produced by thermal generation and recombination of hot electron–hole pairs.
Detector noise Detector noise is generally independent of incident photon flux. Statistical fluctuations in the dark current are often the primary source of detector noise in semiconducting mid-IR detectors. Because such detectors by necessity operate at small bandgaps comparable to thermal energies (kT ≈ 210 cm−1 at room temperature), they are commonly cooled to cryogenic temperatures to reduce dark current noise. Contrasting this behavior, low-temperature superconductors inherently exhibit almost negligible dark counts and therefore little dark count noise. Other examples of detector noise can come from the readout circuitry, an external amplifier or intrinsic detector amplification; however, those sources of noise can typically be avoided in single-photon detectors by counting individual detection events instead of measuring analogue signals.
The original model development was aided by breakthroughs in understanding Rubisco oxygenase and oxygen inhibition of CO2 fixation (12) and Rubisco kinetics and their temperature dependence. It was also aided by developments in Rubisco activation, but only in the sense of providing sufficient activity to relate to rates in vivo. Understanding the pathway and stoichiometry of the photorespiratory cycle was also important. Improvements in gas exchange technology permitted measurement of photosynthesis, stomatal conductance, and intercellular partial pressure of CO2. Susanne von Caemmerer discusses many of these issues in her recent text (17). Later, the pool sizes of intermediates and enzyme activities were measured in relation to gas exchange. The parametrization of our model requires estimates of Rubisco kinetic constants and recently, plants with antisense to the small subunit of Rubisco have proved an ideal system for measuring the constants in vivo, as these plants are more completely Rubisco-limited than the wild type. Some contemporary gas exchange measurements include those of oxygen and its isotopes (17).
aa
aaa
aas
aasvogel
aasvogels
ababua
abadejo
abaff
abaft
abaka
abakas
abamps
abasgi
abask
abatjour
abatjours
abave
abaxial
abaxile
abaze
abb
abbacy
abby
abbotcy
abbozzo
abc
abd
abdat
abdom
abduct
abfarads
abhor
abhors
abidi
abiezer
abiogeny
abipon
abject
abjoint
abjudge
abjudged
abjudging
abjugate
abjunct
abjure
abjured
abjurer
abjures
abkar
abkhas
abmho
abn
abode
abody
abogados
abohm
abohms
abox
abp
abraxas
abrazo
abrazos
abs
absmho
absvolt
abt
abu
abucco
abura
aburabozu
abush
abuzz
abv
abvolt
abwab
abwatt
acajou
acajous
accupy
acetoxyls
achakzai
achymia
achymous
acy
acyclic
acyl
acyloxy
acyls
ackmen
acmic
acopic
acpt
acquiet
acroasphyxia
acronymize
acronymized
acrux
actg
acxoyatl
ad
ada
adad
adagy
adaize
adapa
adapid
adapis
adapt
adapts
adat
adaty
adaw
adawe
adawlut
adawn
adaxial
adazzle
adc
add
adda
addax
addaxes
addda
addy
adds
addu
adequacy
adffroze
adffrozen
adfix
adfluxion
adfreeze
adfroze
adfrozen
adhaka
adhibit
ady
adieux
adipyl
adipocyte
adipoid
adipopexia
adipopexic
adipopexis
adipsy
adyta
adyton
adytta
adytum
adj
adjacency
adjacent
adjag
adject
adjiga
adjiger
adjoin
adjoins
adjoint
adjourn
adjourns
adjoust
adjt
adjudge
adjudged
adjudger
adjudges
adjudging
adjudgment
adjugate
adjument
adjunct
adjunctly
adjuncts
adjure
adjured
adjurer
adjurers
adjures
adjuring
adjuror
adjust
adjusts
adjutage
adjutancy
adjutant
adjute
adjutor
adjutory
adjutrix
adjuvant
adjuvants
adjuvate
adm
admix
admixed
admixes
admixing
admixt
admixtion
admixture
admov
admrx
adnexopexy
ado
adobe
adobes
adobo
adobos
adod
adolph
adolphus
adopt
adopts
ados
adoxa
adoxaceous
adoxy
adoxies
adoxography
adoze
adp
adpao
ads
adsbud
adscript
adsorb
adsorbs
adsum
adusk
adv
advisy
advocacy
advoyer
advoke
advowee
advowry
advt
adz
adze
adzer
adzes
adzooks
aegopodium
aeq
aevum
afb
afd
affy
affydavy
affix
affixable
affixal
affixed
affixer
affixers
affixial
affixing
affixion
affixt
affixture
affluxes
affluxion
afghan
afghans
afgod
afoam
afzelia
agalaxy
agalaxia
agasp
agawam
agaz
agaze
agazed
agba
agcy
agha
agy
agyieus
agyrophobia
agitpunkt
agly
aglycon
aglypha
aglyphodont
agos
agromyzid
agsam
aguaji
agujon
ahantchuyuk
ahypnia
ahu
ahuehuete
ahull
ahura
ayah
ayahuca
aichmophobia
ayield
ayyubid
aikidos
aimful
ayu
ayubite
ayuyu
aix
aizoaceous
aizoon
ajaja
ajangle
ajar
ajari
ajava
ajax
ajee
ajenjo
ajhar
ajimez
ajiva
ajivas
ajivika
ajog
ajonjoli
ajowan
ajowans
ajuga
ajugas
ak
aka
akaakai
akal
akasa
akawai
akazga
akazgin
akazgine
akebi
akey
akha
akhyana
akhmimic
akhund
akhundzada
akim
akimbo
akka
akkad
akkadian
akkadist
akmudar
akmuddar
ako
akoasm
akoasma
akov
akpek
aku
akule
akund
akvavit
akwapim
aladfar
alaskas
alazor
albizia
albizias
albizzia
albizzias
alcazaba
alcazar
alcazars
alcazava
alchymy
alchymies
aldazin
aldm
aldoxime
alefzero
alexas
alexia
alexias
alexius
alfaje
alforjas
algarsyf
algazel
algy
algocyan
algophobia
alguazil
algum
algums
alypum
aljama
aljamado
aljamia
aljamiado
aljamiah
aljoba
aljofaina
alky
alkyd
alkyds
alkyl
alkylic
alkylize
alkylol
alkyloxy
alkyls
alkyne
alkynes
alkoxy
alkoxid
alkoxide
alkoxyl
alloquy
alloxan
alloxans
alloxy
alloxuric
allozooid
almsfolk
aloxite
alphabetize
alphabetized
alphabetizer
alphabetizers
alphabetizes
alphyl
alphyls
alphyn
alpieu
alpujarra
alquifou
altezza
alvus
amakosa
amaze
amazed
amazedly
amazeful
amazer
amazers
amazes
amazia
amazon
amazona
amazons
amazulu
ambassador
amberjack
amblygon
amblyopic
amblypod
amblypoda
amblypodous
amblyrhynchus
ambry
ambury
amdt
amidoazo
amidoazobenzene
amidoazobenzol
amydon
amidoxy
amidoxyl
amygdal
amygdala
amygdalae
amygdale
amygdalic
amygdaloid
amygdalus
amygdophenin
amygdule
amygdules
amyl
amyls
amyotaxia
amixia
amyxorrhea
amyxorrhoea
ammodytoid
amoebocyte
amoke
amoks
amorphozoa
amphib
amphibia
amphibiology
amphibion
amphibious
amphibium
amphiboly
amphicyon
amphimixis
amphioxi
amphioxidae
amphioxis
amphioxus
amphioxuses
amphipod
amphipoda
amphipodal
amphipodan
amphipods
amphiuma
amphizoidae
amphrysian
ampyces
ampyx
ampyxes
amps
amueixa
amuze
amuzzle
amvis
amzel
anabaptize
anabibazon
anaglyphy
anaglyphs
anaphylaxis
anapophysis
anaptychi
anaptychus
anaptyxes
anaptyxis
anaqua
anauxite
anaxagorize
anaxial
anaxon
anaxone
anba
anbury
ancylopoda
anezeh
angakok
angakoks
angakut
angeyok
angekkok
angka
angkhak
anhyd
anhydric
anhydridize
anhydrization
anhydrize
anhydroxime
anybody
anybodyd
anyhow
anywhy
anjan
anjou
ankh
ankhs
ankylophobia
ankylopodia
anklejack
ankush
anoxemic
anoxia
anoxias
anoxybiosis
anoxybiotic
anoxic
anoxyscope
anschluss
anthozoa
anthozoic
anthozooid
anthropozoic
antijam
antioxidizer
antioxygen
antipyic
antipyics
antizymic
antizoea
antjar
anukabiet
anukit
anxiety
anxious
anzac
ao
aoife
aosmic
aouad
aouads
aoudad
aoudads
aoul
ap
apa
apabhramsa
apagoge
apagogic
apay
apayao
aparejos
apass
apast
aphanozygous
aphidozer
aphids
aphyric
aphizog
aphodi
aphodius
aphrizite
apiphobia
apyrexy
apyrexia
apyrexial
apoapsides
apoapsis
apobiotic
apocyneous
apocynum
apocyte
apocopate
apocope
apocopes
apocopic
apocryph
apocrypha
apocryphal
apocryphon
apod
apoda
apodal
apodan
apodeixis
apodia
apodioxis
apodixis
apodoses
apodosis
apodous
apods
apoenzyme
apogaeic
apogaic
apogamy
apogamic
apogee
apogeic
apogeny
apogon
apohyal
apojove
apologize
apologized
apologizer
apologizers
apologizes
apomixis
apoop
apophyge
apophyges
apophylaxis
apophysary
apophyses
apophysial
apophysis
apophlegm
apopyle
apoplexy
apospory
apotype
apotypic
apozem
apozema
apozemical
apozymase
app
appay
appast
appd
applejack
applejohn
apply
appmt
appt
apptd
appui
apraxia
apraxias
apraxic
apsychia
apsid
aptychus
apx
aq
aqua
aquabib
aquadag
aquaduct
aquake
aquaphobia
aquas
aquavit
aqueous
aquifuge
aquo
aquotize
aranzada
araquaju
araujia
arbs
arbtrn
archduchy
archduke
archdukes
archduxe
archeozoic
archfoe
archizoic
archjockey
archmugwump
archspy
areopagy
argufy
argufying
arhythmic
arizona
arjun
armful
armyworm
armyworms
armozeen
armpad
armscye
armsful
armsize
aroxyl
arquebus
arquifoux
arrhizous
artgum
aruke
arupa
arvejon
arx
arzan
arzava
arzawa
arzun
as
asa
asaddle
asak
asap
asaph
asaphus
asb
ascidiozoa
ascidiozooid
ascyphous
ascyrum
asfast
asg
asgd
asgmt
ashy
ashkey
ashkoko
ashur
async
asyzygetic
ask
askable
askant
askapart
askar
askew
askewgee
askip
askoi
askoye
askos
askr
asks
asmoke
asoak
asok
asoka
asop
asp
aspalax
asparkle
aspasia
aspca
asphyctic
asphyctous
asphyxy
asphyxia
asphyxial
asphyxiant
asphyxias
asphyxiate
asphyxiated
asphyxiates
asphyxiation
asphyxiative
asphyxiator
asphyxied
asphyxies
aspy
aspide
aspidiske
aspiquee
aspout
asps
asquat
assapan
assbaa
aswim
atavus
ataxy
ataxia
ataxias
ataxics
atazir
athymic
athodyds
atypy
atypic
atloaxoid
atloidoaxoid
atmolyze
atmolyzer
atomize
atomized
atomizer
atomizers
atoxic
atoxyl
atwixt
aubin
aucubas
aud
audad
audads
audiotypist
auf
aufgabe
aufklarung
auftakt
augitophyre
auh
auhuhu
auk
auklet
auks
aulophobia
aumakua
aumbry
aunjetitz
aupaka
auricyanhydric
auryl
auriphrygia
autexousy
autoasphyxiation
autocycle
autogyro
autogyros
autojigger
autolyze
autolyzed
autolyzes
automysophobia
autophagy
autophoby
autophobia
autotyphization
autotypy
autotypic
autotypography
autoxeny
autoxidizability
autoxidizable
autoxidize
autoxidizer
autozooid
aux
auxamylase
auxil
auxilium
auxin
auxinic
auxins
auxoamylase
auxobody
auxochrome
auxochromic
auxocyte
auxofluor
auxograph
auxology
auxospore
auxotox
auxotroph
auxotrophy
avanyu
avdp
avg
avgas
avyayibhava
avidya
avijja
avikom
avys
avizandum
avn
avo
avocados
avoke
avos
avow
avowable
avowably
avowal
avowals
avowant
avowe
avowed
avowry
avows
avunculize
awabakal
awabi
awacs
awadhi
awag
awakable
awake
awanyu
awapuhi
awber
awd
awfu
awiggle
awikiwiki
awk
awkly
awkward
awm
awmbrie
awny
awoke
awoken
ax
axal
axe
axed
axel
axels
axer
axers
axial
axiform
axifugal
axil
axile
axils
axin
axine
axing
axiology
axiom
axiomatize
axiomatized
axiomatizes
axioms
axion
axis
axite
axle
axled
axles
axlike
axman
axmen
axofugal
axogamy
axoid
axon
axone
axonopus
axons
axophyte
axopodia
axopodium
axunge
axweed
axwise
axwort
az
azafran
azafrin
azan
azans
azazel
azelfafage
azerbaijani
azha
azide
azido
azygomatous
azygos
azygoses
azygosperm
azygospore
azygote
azygous
azyme
azymous
azimuth
aziola
azlon
azlons
azo
azobenzene
azobenzil
azobenzoic
azobenzol
azoch
azocyclic
azodicarboxylic
azodiphenyl
azofy
azofier
azohumic
azoic
azoimide
azole
azon
azons
azoology
azophen
azophenyl
azophosphin
azote
azotea
azoted
azoth
azoths
azotic
azotize
azotized
azotizes
azotizing
azox
azoxazole
azoxy
azoxybenzene
azoxybenzoic
azoxime
azoxine
azoxonium
aztec
azteca
aztecs
azulejo
azulejos
azulmic
azumbre
azure
azured
azures
azury
baa
baas
baaskaap
baaskaaps
baaskap
babajaga
babhan
babydom
babyhood
babyhoods
babyish
babyishly
babyism
babka
babkas
babu
babua
babudom
babuism
babus
babushka
babushkas
backjaw
backway
backwash
backwood
backwoods
backwoodsy
backwoodsman
bacopa
bacquet
badass
badawi
badaxe
baddy
badju
bads
baetzner
baff
baffy
baffs
bafyot
baft
bag
bagass
bagdi
bagful
bagfuls
baggy
baggywrinkle
bagh
baghdad
baghla
bagio
bago
bagobo
bagpipe
bagpiped
bagpod
bagpudding
bags
bagsful
baguio
bagwash
bagwig
bagwigged
bagwigs
bagwyn
bagworm
bagworms
bahay
baho
bahoe
bahur
bahuvrihi
bahuvrihis
baybush
baycuru
baidya
baygall
bayish
bayok
baywoods
bayz
baiza
baizas
baize
baized
baizes
baja
bajada
bajan
bajardo
bajau
bajocco
bajochi
bajocian
bajoire
bajonado
bajra
bajree
bajri
bajury
baka
bakal
bakie
bakshi
baktun
baku
bakuba
bakula
bakunda
bakupari
bakutu
bakwiri
balky
balza
bamboozle
bamboozled
bamboozler
bamboozlers
bamboozles
bamboozling
bambuk
banba
banbury
bandboxy
banff
banghy
bangkok
bangkoks
banyuls
banjara
banjo
banjoes
banjore
banjos
banjuke
banjulele
bankbook
bankbooks
bankfull
banky
bankmen
bankrupcy
bankruptcy
bankweed
banque
banquet
banquo
banxring
banzai
banzais
bapt
baptizable
baptize
baptized
baptizee
baptizer
baptizers
baptizes
barbulyie
barfy
barfly
barfs
barmfel
baroxyton
barque
barukhzy
basad
basenji
basenjis
bashful
bashibazouk
bashyle
bashkir
bashlyk
bashlyks
basihyoid
bask
baske
baskonize
basks
basocyte
basoga
basoko
basophobia
basque
basqued
basques
bathkol
batukite
batz
batzen
baubee
bauchle
baud
bauds
bauk
baulky
bauxite
bauxites
bauxitic
bauxitite
bavoso
baw
bawbee
bawbees
bawble
bawcock
bawcocks
bawd
bawdy
bawdyhouse
bawdry
bawds
bawdship
bawke
bawl
bawly
bawls
bawty
baxter
baxtone
bazaar
bazaars
bazar
bazars
baze
bazoo
bazooka
bazookaman
bazookamen
bazookas
bazoos
bazzite
bb
bbl
bbls
bbs
bcd
bcf
bch
bchs
bd
bde
bdft
bdl
bdls
bdrm
bds
beakful
beauxite
bebop
bebops
bebump
bebusy
becky
becobweb
bedaubs
bedazzle
bedazzled
bedazzles
bedbug
bedbugs
bedgown
bedkey
bedpad
bedquilt
bedrizzle
bedub
beduke
bedumb
bedumbed
bedumbs
bedway
bedwarfs
beefwood
beefwoods
beelzebub
beelzebubian
beelzebul
beezer
beezers
befezzed
begazes
beglads
begloze
begobs
begowk
behymn
beydom
beigy
beja
bejabbers
bejabers
bejade
bejan
bejant
bejape
bejazz
bejel
bejeled
bejesuit
bejesus
bejewel
bejeweled
bejewels
bejezebel
bejig
bejuco
bejuggle
bejumble
bekah
bekko
belshazzar
belzebub
belzebuth
bemixing
bemixt
bemuddy
bemuzzle
bemuzzled
bemuzzles
bemuzzling
benchful
benj
benjamin
benjy
benzal
benzalcyanhydrin
benzaldoxime
benzalphenylhydrazone
benzazide
benzazimide
benzazole
benzdiazine
benzdifuran
benzdioxazine
benzdioxdiazine
benzdioxtriazine
benzhydrol
benzhydroxamic
benzil
benzyl
benzylic
benzyls
benzimidazole
benzo
benzoazurine
benzobis
benzodiazole
benzofuryl
benzoglyoxaline
benzohydrol
benzoic
benzoid
benzoyl
benzoylglycine
benzoyls
benzoin
benzoiodohydrin
benzol
benzolize
benzols
benzoperoxide
benzophenoxazine
benzopyran
benzopyrylium
benzoxate
benzoxy
benzoxyacetic
benzoxycamphor
benztrioxazine
beowulf
bepewed
bepuff
bepun
bepuzzle
bepuzzlement
beqwete
berhyme
berkovtsi
bespoke
besqueeze
besquib
betwixt
bevy
bevue
bevvy
bewake
beweep
bewept
bewidow
bewield
bewig
bewigged
bewigs
bewizard
bewpers
bewry
bewwept
bezan
bezazz
bezazzes
bezel
bezels
bezetta
bezette
bezil
bezils
bezique
beziques
bezoar
bezoardic
bezoars
bezpopovets
bezzant
bezzi
bezzle
bezzled
bezzling
bezzo
bf
bg
bhabar
bhaga
bhajan
bhakta
bhakti
bhaktis
bhar
bhd
bhikhari
bhikku
bhikshu
bhil
bhima
bhoy
bhojpuri
bhokra
bhoosa
bhp
bhumij
bhut
bhuts
by
biajaiba
biaxal
biaxial
bibb
bibby
bibbs
bibcock
bibenzyl
bibio
bichy
bicycle
bicycled
bicycles
bicyclic
bicyclism
bicyclo
bicycular
bycoket
bid
biddy
bidi
bidpai
bids
bye
biff
biffy
biffs
bifoil
bigbury
biggy
bygo
bygone
bigot
bigwig
bigwigged
bigwiggism
bigwigs
bija
bijasal
bijou
bijous
bijoux
bijugate
bijugous
bijugular
bijwoner
bikh
bikkurim
bikol
bikukulla
bilgy
bilks
billywix
billjim
biloxi
bimbo
bimboes
binukau
binzuru
bio
bioassay
bioassayed
bioassaying
bioassays
biocycle
biocycles
biod
biodyne
biofog
biog
biogas
biogeny
biohazard
biologize
biophagy
biophysic
biophysics
biophysiology
biophyte
biopic
biopsy
biopsychic
biorhythmic
bios
bioscope
bioscopy
bioscopic
biotaxy
biotype
biotypes
biotypic
biotypology
biotoxin
biotoxins
bioxalate
bioxide
biozone
byp
bypass
bypast
bipyridyl
bipod
bipods
biquartz
byrl
byrlawman
byrlawmen
byrls
byroads
byrthynsak
bishopdom
bisync
biskop
bisque
byte
byth
bitypic
bivvy
biwa
biweekly
bywork
byworks
bixa
bixaceous
bixbyite
bixin
biz
bizant
byzant
bizcacha
bize
bizel
bizen
bizes
bizet
bizygomatic
biznaga
biznagas
bizonal
bizone
bizonia
bizz
bizzarro
bjorne
bk
bkbndr
bkcy
bkg
bkgd
bklr
bkpr
bkpt
bks
bkt
blaasop
blankbook
blatjang
blauwbok
blazy
blazon
blazonry
blazons
bld
bldg
bleekbok
bleeze
bleezy
blesboks
blijver
blype
blitzbuggy
blitzed
blitzes
blitzkrieg
blitzkriegs
blizz
blizzard
blizzardy
blk
blksize
bloke
bloubiskop
blowjob
blowjobs
blowpipe
blowze
blowzed
blowzy
blowzier
blowzily
bls
bluejack
bluejacket
bluejacks
bluejay
bluejays
bluewood
bluewoods
bluffy
bluggy
blurb
blurbs
blushful
blushy
blutwurst
blvd
bm
bn
bnf
bobbejaan
bobby
bobbie
bobbysoxer
bobbysoxers
bobcoat
bobfly
bobfloat
bobization
bobjerom
bobwood
boc
bocage
bocoy
bod
boddagh
bode
bodge
bodhi
body
bodybuild
bodycheck
bodyguard
bodyguards
bodyhood
bodykins
bodymaker
bodyshirt
bodysuit
bodysuits
bodysurf
bodysurfed
bodysurfs
bodyweight
bodywise
bodywood
bodywork
bodyworks
bodkin
bodo
bodock
bods
boe
boff
boffs
bog
boga
bogach
bogey
bogeyed
bogeys
bogfern
boggy
boggle
bogy
bogydom
bogie
bogyism
bogyisms
bogijiab
bogyman
bogymen
bogle
bogman
bogo
bogomil
bogs
bogum
bogway
bogwood
bogwoods
bogwort
boh
bohawn
boho
bohunk
bohunks
boyau
boyaus
boyaux
boyce
boychik
boychiks
boycott
boid
boyd
boydekyn
boydom
boyg
boigid
boyhood
boyhoods
boii
boyish
boyishly
boyism
boiko
boyos
bois
boyuna
bojite
bojo
bokadam
bokark
boke
bokhara
boko
bokom
bokos
bomb
bombay
bombax
bombazeen
bombazet
bombazette
bombed
bombic
bombycid
bombycidae
bombycids
bombyciform
bombycina
bombycine
bombyx
bombyxes
bombo
bombproof
bombs
bonbo
bonjour
bonks
bonnyvis
bonxie
bonze
bonzer
bonzery
bonzes
boobyish
boobyism
boodh
boody
boogie
boogiewoogie
boogyman
boogymen
boogum
boojum
book
bookable
bookbind
bookboard
bookdom
bookfair
bookfold
bookful
bookhood
booky
bookie
bookism
bookit
bookkeep
booklet
booklift
bookman
bookmark
bookmarks
bookmen
bookmobile
bookplate
books
bookshelf
bookshop
bookshops
booksy
bookways
bookward
bookwards
bookwise
bookwork
bookworm
bookworms
boombox
boomboxes
bootjack
bootjacks
booze
boozed
boozehound
boozer
boozers
boozes
boozy
boozier
booziest
boozify
boozily
boozing
bop
bopyrid
bopyrus
bops
borborygmic
borborygmus
bortzes
borzoi
borzois
boschbok
boschboks
boshbok
boshboks
bosjesman
bosk
boskage
boskages
bosky
boskopoid
bosks
bosque
bosques
bosquet
bossdom
botchy
botchka
bouffage
bouk
boukit
bouzouki
bouzoukia
bouzoukis
bovld
bowbent
bowboy
bowe
bowfin
bowfins
bowge
bowyang
bowie
bowieful
bowyer
bowk
bowkail
bowker
bowpin
bowpot
bowpots
bows
box
boxball
boxbush
boxed
boxen
boxer
boxers
boxes
boxfish
boxful
boxfuls
boxhaul
boxhauls
boxy
boxier
boxing
boxings
boxkeeper
boxlike
boxmaker
boxman
boxroom
boxty
boxtop
boxtops
boxwood
boxwoods
boxwork
boza
bozal
bozine
bozo
bozos
bozze
bozzetto
bp
bpi
bps
bpt
br
brachyaxis
brachyura
bracozzo
bradbury
bradburya
bradycauma
bradypepsy
bradypnea
bradypnoea
bradypod
bradypode
bradypodidae
bradypodoid
bradypus
bradysphygmia
bradyuria
bragozzo
brahui
brasque
brasqued
bravura
braxy
braxies
braza
brazas
braze
brazed
brazee
brazer
brazers
brazes
breeze
breezed
breezes
breezeway
breezy
brekky
brezhnev
bryce
brimful
bryndza
brynhild
brinjal
brinjarry
brinjaul
brynza
bryophyta
bryophyte
bryozoa
bryozoan
bryozoans
bryozoon
bryozoum
briskly
brisque
britzka
britzkas
britzska
britzskas
bryum
briza
brizz
brl
broadax
broadaxe
broadway
brodyaga
brombenzyl
bromhydric
bromize
bromized
bromizer
bromvogel
bronzy
bronzify
bronzite
broodsac
brooky
brookweed
broozled
brouze
browzer
bruyere
bruja
brujas
brujeria
brujo
brujos
bruke
brulyie
brulyies
brulzie
brulzies
brumby
brumbie
brummy
brushbush
brushful
brushy
bruskly
brusque
bruxism
bruxisms
bruzz
bs
bsf
bsh
bskt
bt
btl
btry
buaze
buba
bubas
bubby
bubbybush
bube
bubukle
bucayo
buck
buckass
buckbrush
buckbush
buckeye
buckhorn
buckhounds
bucky
buckjump
buckjumper
buckle
bucklum
bucko
buckpot
bucku
buckwagon
buckwash
buda
buddh
buddhi
buddhic
buddy
budge
budgy
budgie
budh
buds
budukha
budwood
budzart
budzat
buff
buffa
buffball
buffbar
buffcoat
buffy
buffs
buffware
bufo
bufotoxin
bug
bugbane
bugbanes
bugbite
bugdom
bugeye
buggy
buggyman
buggymen
bugi
bugle
buglet
bugleweed
bugs
bugweed
bugwort
buhl
buhlbuhl
buhls
buhlwork
buhlworks
buhr
buhrs
buy
buyback
buybacks
buyer
buyers
buyides
buying
buys
bukat
bukeyef
bukh
bukshi
bulbs
bulgy
bulgur
bulgurs
bulkhead
bulkheads
bulky
bulks
bullyhuff
bulnbuln
bulrush
bulrushy
bumbass
bumbaze
bumbo
bumf
bumfeg
bumfs
bumfuzzle
bumkin
bumkins
bump
bumph
bumpy
bumpkin
bumpkins
bumpoff
bumps
bumpsy
bumwood
bun
bunchy
bundh
bundy
bunds
bundt
bundts
bundweed
bungfu
bungfull
bungy
bunya
bunyah
bunyan
bunyas
bunyip
bunjara
bunk
bunkload
bunko
bunkoed
bunkos
bunks
bunkum
bunkums
bunn
bunny
bunnymouth
buns
buphaga
buqsha
buqshas
burbly
burgh
burghal
burghbote
burghs
burgle
burgs
burgul
burh
bury
burys
burk
burka
burke
burkha
burkundauze
burkundaz
burl
burly
burls
busaos
bushbaby
bushbeck
bushbody
bushbodies
bushboy
bushbuck
bushbucks
bushful
bushy
bushveld
bushwa
bushwack
bushwas
busy
busybody
busybodyish
busybodyism
busycon
busyish
busywork
busyworks
busk
busky
busks
butoxy
butoxyl
buxaceous
buxbaumia
buxeous
buxerry
buxine
buxom
buxomer
buxomest
buxomly
buxus
buz
buzane
buzylene
buzuki
buzukia
buzukis
buzz
buzzard
buzzardly
buzzards
buzzbomb
buzzed
buzzer
buzzerphone
buzzers
buzzes
buzzgloak
buzzy
buzzier
buzzies
buzziest
buzzing
buzzingly
buzzle
buzzsaw
buzzwig
buzzwigs
buzzword
buzzwords
bv
bvt
bx
bxs
bz
cabbagy
cabezon
cabful
cabio
cabuya
cabuyas
cabuja
cacajao
cacodoxy
cacodoxian
cacozyme
cadbit
caddy
caddisfly
caddo
caddoan
cadgy
cady
cadiueio
cadjan
cadmus
cados
cadouk
cads
cadua
caduke
cadus
cadwal
caffoy
cafh
cafiz
cafoy
caggy
cagy
cahuy
cay
cayapa
cayapo
cayos
caiquejee
cays
cayubaba
cayubaban
cayuca
cayuco
cayuga
cayugan
cayugas
cayuse
cayuses
cayuvava
cajan
cajang
cajanus
cajaput
cajaputs
cajava
cajeput
cajeputol
cajeputs
cajeta
cajole
cajoled
cajoler
cajoles
cajon
cajou
cajuela
cajun
cajuns
cajuput
cajuputol
cajuputs
cakavci
calfdozer
calycozoa
calycozoan
calycozoic
calycozoon
calyphyomy
calyxes
calixtus
calvados
calvus
calx
calxes
calzada
camaxtli
cambyuskan
cambogia
cambogias
camisados
camize
campy
campody
campoody
camps
canjac
canvasado
canzo
canzon
canzona
canzoni
canzos
capax
capful
capfuls
capo
capoc
capos
cappadochio
cappagh
cappy
capsa
capsizable
capsizal
capsize
capsized
capsizes
caraja
carajas
carajura
carboxyl
carboxylic
carboxyls
carrozza
carvyl
carzey
cashboy
cashbook
cashbooks
cashbox
cashboxes
casky
casks
casque
casqued
casquet
cassada
casziel
catgut
catydid
catjang
catzerie
caudexes
cauk
cavy
caviya
cavyyard
cavu
cavum
cavus
caw
cawk
cawker
cawky
cawny
cawquaw
caws
caxiri
caxon
caxton
caza
cazibi
cazimi
cazique
caziques
cb
cc
cckw
ccm
ccoya
ccw
ccws
cd
cdf
cdg
cdr
cebids
cecopexy
ceibo
ceibos
ceyx
ceja
cenozoic
cephid
cephus
cequi
ceroxyle
cf
cfd
cfh
cfm
cfs
cg
cgm
cgs
chabazite
chabouks
chabuk
chabuks
chafewax
chaffy
chaffman
chaffs
chaffwax
chaffweed
chagoma
chaya
chaja
chaka
chakavski
chakazi
chakdar
chakobu
chalkpit
chaoua
chapbook
chapbooks
chauffage
chaui
chauk
chauve
chawbuck
chawk
chazan
chazans
chazy
chazzan
chazzans
chazzanut
chazzen
chazzens
cheapjack
chebog
checkbook
checkbooks
checkhook
cheekful
cheezit
chefdom
chefs
chegoe
chekhov
chekmak
chemizo
cheque
chequebook
chequy
chevaux
cheveys
chevy
chevying
chevvy
chewbark
chewy
chewie
chez
chg
chyack
chyak
chyazic
chibcha
chibouk
chibouks
chibouque
chiffchaff
chihfu
chihuahua
chihuahuas
chylaqueous
chyle
chylify
chylocyst
chimakuan
chimakum
chymaqueous
chymase
chimbs
chyme
chymes
chymia
chymic
chymics
chymify
chymified
chymifying
chymist
chymous
chypre
chipwood
chivy
chivvy
chivvying
chivw
chizz
chizzel
chkfil
chkfile
chlamyd
chlamydate
chlamydosaurus
chlamydospore
chlamydosporic
chlamydozoa
chlamydozoan
chleuh
chm
chmn
chn
chnuphis
choak
chobdar
chobie
chogak
chok
chokage
choke
chokey
chokeys
chokeweed
choky
choko
chooky
chopas
chopboat
chopdar
choppy
chorizo
chorizont
chorizos
chouka
chowchow
chowk
chozar
chremzel
chry
chrysaor
chrysazin
chrysazol
chrysid
chrysippus
chrysis
chrysobull
chrysogen
chrysography
chrysome
chrysomyia
chrysopa
chrysopal
chrysopee
chrysophan
chrysophyll
chrysophyllum
chrysophyte
chrysophlyctis
chrysopid
chrysopidae
chrysopoeia
chrysops
chrysopsis
chub
chubasco
chubascos
chubb
chubbed
chubby
chubs
chud
chudic
chufa
chufas
chuff
chuffy
chuffs
chuhra
chuje
chukar
chukars
chukchi
chukka
chukkar
chukkars
chukkas
chukker
chukkers
chukor
chulha
chumpaka
chumpy
chunky
chupak
churl
churlhood
churls
chutzpa
chutzpadik
chutzpah
chutzpahs
chutzpanik
chutzpas
chuvash
chuzwi
cy
cyamoid
cyamus
cyanbenzyl
cyanhydric
cyanhydrin
cyanophyceous
cyathozooid
cibophobia
cibophobiafood
cyborg
cyborgs
cyc
cycad
cycadaceous
cycadeoid
cycadeous
cycadlike
cycadophyta
cycadophyte
cycads
cycas
cycl
cyclize
cyclized
cyclizes
cyclizing
cyclo
cyclohexyl
cyclop
cyclopy
cyclopoid
cyclops
cyclus
cyder
cydippe
cydippian
cydippid
cydippida
cydon
cierzos
cygnet
cygnus
cyke
cyl
cylix
cyma
cymae
cymaphyte
cymas
cymba
cymbal
cymbate
cymbel
cymbid
cymbidium
cymbiform
cymbium
cymbopogon
cyme
cymes
cymlin
cymoid
cymol
cymophobia
cymoscope
cymous
cymry
cymric
cymtia
cynhyena
cynomys
cynophobe
cynophobia
cynopodous
cynoxylon
cyp
cypher
cypraeoid
cyprid
cyprus
cyptozoic
circumflex
circumflexes
circumflexion
circumquaque
cyrus
cyst
cystocyte
cystomyoma
cystomyxoma
cystoscopy
cystospasm
cytocyst
cytode
cytogamy
cytogeny
cytoglobin
cytoid
cytol
cytolymph
cytoma
cyton
cytophaga
cytophagy
cytophagic
cytophagous
cytopharynx
cytopharynxes
cytophil
cytophysics
cytophysiology
cytopyge
cytotaxis
cytotaxonomy
cytotoxic
cytotoxin
cytozymase
cytozyme
cytozoa
cytozoic
cytozoon
cytozzoa
cyul
civy
civvy
cywydd
cixiid
cixiidae
cixo
cizar
cize
cyzicene
ckw
cl
cladophyll
cladophyllum
clads
claggy
clamjamfery
clamjamfry
clanjamfray
clanjamfrey
clanjamfrie
clanjamphrey
clavy
clavicymbal
clavus
clavuvi
claxon
claxons
cleidohyoid
clerkhood
cleuks
clyde
clyfaker
clyfaking
clype
clypei
clique
cliquey
cliquy
clysma
clysmic
clk
cloakage
cloaks
cloakwise
clodpole
clodpoll
cloggy
cloghad
clogs
clogwyn
clogwood
cloky
clops
cloque
cloques
closky
cloze
clr
clubby
clubdom
clubfist
clubfoot
clubhaul
clubhauls
clubs
clubweed
clubwood
clumpy
cm
cmd
cmdg
cmdr
cml
cnidophobia
cnidopod
coadapt
coadjacence
coadjacency
coadjacent
coadjument
coadjust
coadjutant
coadjutator
coadjute
coadjutive
coadjutor
coadjutors
coadjutrix
coadjuvancy
coadjuvant
coadjuvate
coak
coakum
coapt
coax
coaxal
coaxed
coaxer
coaxers
coaxy
coaxial
coaxing
coaxingly
cob
cobb
cobbed
cobby
cobbin
cobbly
cobbs
cobcab
cobia
cobias
cobnut
coburg
cobus
cobweb
cobwebbed
cobwebbery
cobwebby
cobwebbier
cobwebbiest
cobwebbing
cobwebs
coccydynia
coccygectomy
coccyges
coccygeus
coccygodynia
coccygomorph
coccygotomy
coccyx
coccyxes
coccyzus
cocytus
cockapoo
cockneyfy
cockneyize
cockshy
cockups
cockweed
cocuiza
cod
coda
codas
codbank
coddy
codebook
codebooks
codify
codisjunct
codo
codpiece
cods
coelozoic
coembody
coenjoy
coenzyme
coenzymes
coexert
coexpire
coffs
coft
cog
cogboat
coggie
coggle
coggly
coghle
cogie
cogit
cogito
cogman
cogmen
cogs
cogway
cogways
cogweel
cogweels
cogwood
coydog
coif
coifs
coyish
coyn
coyos
coyote
coypou
coypous
coypu
coypus
coys
cojoin
cojudge
cojudices
coky
cokneyfy
coldturkey
colymbion
colloquize
colloquized
colposcopy
coltpixy
coltpixie
colza
colzas
combfish
comdt
comfy
comfily
comfit
comfits
commixt
concrfsce
confab
confabbed
confabs
confix
confixing
conflexure
confluxes
confluxible
conyger
conyza
conjee
conjugable
conjugably
conjugacy
conjugal
conjugial
conjugium
conjunct
conjunctly
conjuncts
conjure
conjury
conuzee
conuzor
convexity
convexly
convexo
convoys
convoke
convoked
convoker
convokes
cooee
cooja
cookbook
cookbooks
cookdom
cookey
cooky
cookout
cooks
cookshop
cookshops
cookstove
coops
cop
copa
copaiba
copaibas
copaibic
copaiye
copaljocote
cope
copei
copeia
copepods
copy
copia
copyboy
copyboys
copybook
copybooks
copycat
copycats
copycutter
copydesk
copydesks
copied
copygraph
copygraphed
copyhold
copyholds
copihue
copihues
copying
copyism
copyist
copyists
copyman
copywise
copywriter
copopoda
copopsia
coppa
coppas
coppy
copps
coprozoic
cops
copsy
copt
coque
coquet
coquin
corymbed
corymbs
corixa
corixidae
coryzal
coryzas
cornhusks
corozo
corozos
corvktte
cosaque
cosmozoan
cosmozoans
cosmozoic
cosmozoism
cotype
cotys
cotoxo
couxia
couxio
covado
cowage
cowal
cowan
cowbarn
cowbind
cowbinds
cowbird
cowbirds
cowbyre
cowboy
cowboys
cowdie
cowgate
cowgirl
cowgirls
cowy
cowier
cowk
cowman
cowmen
cowpat
cowpath
cowpats
cowpen
cowper
cowpock
cowpoke
cowpokes
cowpony
cowpox
cowpoxes
cowpunch
cowquake
cowry
cowshut
cowskin
cowweed
cox
coxa
coxae
coxal
coxalgy
coxalgia
coxalgic
coxcomb
coxcombess
coxcombhood
coxcomby
coxcombic
coxcombity
coxcombry
coxcombs
coxed
coxendix
coxes
coxy
coxier
coxing
coxite
coxodynia
coxopodite
coxswain
coxswains
coxwain
coxwains
coz
coze
cozed
cozey
cozeier
cozeiest
cozeys
cozen
cozens
cozes
cozy
cozie
cozier
cozies
coziest
cozily
cozing
cozzes
cp
cpd
cpi
cpl
cpm
cpo
cps
cpt
cpu
cq
crackjaw
crajuru
crampbit
crawdad
crawdads
crazycat
crazyweed
creutzer
crybaby
cryobiology
cryohydric
cryoscope
cryoscopy
cryoscopic
crypt
crypta
crypto
cryptogam
cryptogamy
cryptoglaux
cryptoglioma
cryptonym
cryptonymic
cryptophyceae
cryptophyte
cryptopyic
cryptorhynchus
cryptoscopy
cryptozygy
cryptozygosity
cryptozygous
cryptozoic
cryptozoite
cryptozonate
cryptozonia
crypts
cryst
crizzel
crizzle
crizzled
crizzling
crl
croaks
crojack
crojik
crojiks
croquet
croquis
crossjack
croze
crozed
crozer
crozers
crozes
crozier
croziers
crozing
crozle
crozzle
crozzly
cruddy
crudy
crumb
crumbed
crumby
crumbly
crumbs
crumbum
crummy
crumpy
crumps
crusados
crux
cruxes
cruzado
cruzadoes
cruzados
cruzeiro
cruziero
crwd
crwth
crwths
crzette
cs
csc
csch
csk
csmp
csp
csw
ctf
ctg
ctge
ctrl
cub
cuba
cubas
cubby
cubbyhole
cubbyhouse
cubbyyew
cubbyu
cubdom
cube
cubeb
cubebs
cubed
cubes
cubhood
cubocube
cuboid
cuboids
cubs
cucuy
cucuyo
cucujid
cucujidae
cucujus
cuda
cuddy
cuddyhole
cuds
cudweed
cudweeds
cuff
cuffy
cuffyism
cuffs
cuya
cuyas
cuiejo
cuiejos
cuj
cujam
cuke
cumbha
cumbly
cumbu
cumyl
cump
cumquat
cumquats
cunye
cunyie
cunjah
cunjer
cunjevoi
cunza
cunzie
cupay
cupful
cupfuls
cupid
cupids
cupiuba
cuppa
cuppas
cuppy
cupsful
curby
curbs
curfs
cury
curlycue
curlycues
curliewurly
curryfavour
curvy
curwhibble
cushy
cuttyhunk
cuvage
cuve
cuvee
cuvy
cuzceno
cv
cwm
cwms
cwo
cwt
czar
czaritza
czaritzas
czars
czech
czechization
czechoslovak
czechoslovaks
czechs
da
dabih
daboia
daboya
dabs
dabuh
dacryd
dacryocyst
dacryopyosis
dacryops
dacryosyrinx
dacryuria
dactylioglyph
dactylioglyphy
dactylioglyphic
dactylozooid
dad
dada
dadap
dadas
daddy
daddynut
daddock
daddocky
daddums
dado
dadoed
dados
dadoxylon
dads
dadu
daff
daffy
daffodil
daffs
dagbamba
dagbane
daggy
dagomba
dahabiya
dahabiyas
dahabiyeh
dayabhaga
dayak
dayboy
daybook
daybooks
dayfly
dayglow
dayglows
daijo
daypeep
daisybush
dak
dakhma
dakoit
dakoity
dakota
daks
daktylos
dalk
damozel
damozels
dampy
damps
dandyize
danzon
dao
dap
daphne
daphnes
daphni
daps
dapson
darabukka
darbha
darbyism
darbs
darbukka
darkful
darkly
darzee
das
dashy
dashnak
dashnaktzutiun
dasypygal
dasypod
dasypodidae
dasypodoid
dasypus
dasyure
dasyures
dasyurid
dasyurus
dasyus
dassy
daub
daube
daubed
dauby
daubry
daubs
daud
dauk
dauke
daukin
dauncy
dauphin
dauw
davy
davyne
davyum
daw
dawcock
dawdy
dawdle
dawdled
dawdler
dawdles
dawe
dawk
dawkin
dawks
dawny
dawpate
dawt
dawut
daza
daze
dazed
dazedly
dazes
dazy
dazzle
dazzled
dazzler
dazzlers
dazzles
dazzling
dazzlingly
db
dbl
dbms
dbrn
dc
dca
dcb
dcbname
dd
ddt
debamboozle
debby
debenzolize
debye
debyes
debs
debtful
debug
debugs
debunk
debunked
debunkment
debunks
debus
decapoda
decapods
decemfid
decyne
deedbox
deejay
deejays
deepfroze
defy
defluxion
defogs
defuze
defuzed
defuzes
defuzing
dehypnotize
dehypnotized
dehkan
dehull
dehusk
deixis
deja
deject
dejects
dejeune
dejeuner
dejunkerize
dekkos
deluxe
demijambe
demijohn
demijohns
deoxidate
deoxidator
deoxidise
deoxidization
deoxidize
deoxidized
deoxidizer
deoxidizers
deoxidizes
deoxidizing
deoxygenate
deoxygenization
deoxygenize
deoxygenized
deoxygenizing
deoxyribose
deozonization
deozonize
deozonizer
derbukka
dermatozzoa
desynonymize
desoxybenzoin
detoxify
deutovum
deutzia
deutzias
deux
deuzan
devexity
dewax
dewaxed
dewaxing
dewbeam
dewcap
dewcup
dewdamp
dewey
dewy
dexes
dextrosazone
dezymotize
dft
dg
dhabb
dhak
dhaks
dhaura
dhauri
dhyal
dhyana
dhikr
dhikrs
dhobee
dhobey
dhobi
dhoby
dhobie
dhobies
dhobis
dhu
dhurna
dhurra
dhurry
dhuti
dy
dyads
diaglyph
dyak
diaka
diapophysis
dyaus
diaxial
diaxon
diaxone
diaxonic
diazepam
diazepams
diazeuxis
diazid
diazo
diazoalkane
diazoamin
diazoanhydride
diazoate
diazobenzene
diazohydroxide
diazoic
diazoimide
diazoimido
diazole
diazoma
diazotic
diazotype
diazotizability
diazotizable
diazotization
diazotize
diazotized
diazotizing
dib
dibbed
dibbuk
dybbuk
dibbukim
dybbukim
dibbuks
dybbuks
dibenzyl
dibenzoyl
dibhole
dibs
dyce
dicyan
dicycle
dicycly
dicyclic
dicyema
dicyemid
dicky
dickybird
dickty
dictyogen
dictyoid
dictyota
dictyoxylon
diddy
didy
didym
didymia
didymis
didymium
didymiums
didymoid
didymous
didymus
dyeweed
dyewood
dyewoods
digitize
digitized
digitizer
digitizes
digitoxin
digitoxose
diglyph
diglyphic
digoxin
digoxins
dihybrid
dihybridism
dihybrids
dihydrazone
dihydric
dihydroxy
dihydroxytoluene
diiodo
dika
dykage
dikdik
dikdiks
dyke
dyked
dikephobia
dyker
dykes
dyking
dikkop
dimly
dimmy
dimps
dimpsy
dimwit
dyn
dioecy
dyophysite
dioxan
dioxane
dioxy
dioxid
dioxide
dioxids
dioxime
dioxin
dip
dipcoat
diphycercy
diphyes
diphygenic
diphylla
diphyodont
diphyozooid
diphysite
diphyzooid
dipygi
dipygus
dipyre
dipyridyl
diplopoda
diplopods
diplozoon
dipode
dipody
dipodic
dipodid
dipodies
dipodomyinae
dipodomys
dippy
dipppy
dips
dipsas
dipsy
dipso
dipsos
dipt
diptyca
diptycas
diptych
diptychon
diptychs
dipus
dipware
dys
disadjust
disazo
disbody
disbuds
dyschroa
dyschroia
discopodous
disfame
disfavor
disfavors
disfavour
dishful
dishy
disyoke
disyoked
disyokes
disjasked
disjasket
disjaskit
disject
disjects
disjeune
disjoin
disjoins
disjoint
disjunct
disjunctor
disjuncts
disjune
diskos
disks
dyslexia
dyslexias
dyslexic
dyslexics
dyslogy
dyslogia
dismayful
dysnomy
dysodyle
dysorexy
dysorexia
dysoxidation
dysoxidizable
dysoxidize
disozonize
dyspathy
dysphagic
dysphemize
dysphemized
dyspnea
dyspnoea
dyspnoeal
dyspnoeas
dyspnoeic
dyspnoi
dyspraxia
disprejudice
disquiet
disquietude
disquixote
dysrhythmia
dyssodia
dystaxia
dystaxias
dysthymia
dysthymic
disulphoxid
dysury
ditchbur
dyvour
dyvours
divus
divvy
divvying
dix
dixain
dixy
dixie
dixies
dixit
dixits
dizdar
dizen
dizens
dizygotic
dizygous
dizoic
dizz
dizzard
dizzen
dizzy
dizzied
dizzier
dizzies
dizziest
dizzying
dizzyingly
dizzily
dj
djagatay
djakarta
djasakid
djave
djebel
djebels
djehad
djelab
djelfa
djerib
djersa
djibbah
djibouti
djin
djinn
djinni
djinny
djinns
djins
djuka
dk
dkg
dkl
dkm
dks
dlvy
dm
do
doa
doab
doat
doaty
dob
dobbed
dobby
dobbie
dobbin
dobchick
dobe
doby
dobie
dobl
dobsonfly
dobzhansky
doc
dochmiac
dochmii
dochmius
dockize
docquet
docs
dod
dodd
doddy
doddypoll
dodgy
dodkin
dodo
dodos
dods
doe
doeg
doeuvre
doff
doffs
dofunny
dogbane
dogbite
dogboat
dogbody
dogbodies
dogbolt
dogbush
dogey
dogeys
dogface
dogfall
dogfoot
doggy
dogy
dogmas
dogmatize
dogmatizer
dogsbody
dogtie
dogwood
dogwoods
doh
doigt
doyst
doitkin
dojigger
dojiggy
dojo
dojos
doke
dokhma
doko
dolph
dolphus
domajig
dombeya
domboc
domy
domify
dompt
donjon
donjons
donnybrooks
donzel
donzels
doodab
doodad
doodads
doodskop
dooja
dook
dooket
dookit
doombook
doomful
doorjamb
doorjambs
dooxidize
doozer
doozers
doozy
doozies
dop
dopa
dopaoxidase
dopas
dopchick
dopebook
dopey
dopy
dopier
doppelkummel
doppia
doppio
dorbugs
dorhawks
dorje
dos
dosa
dosadh
dosage
doss
dossy
doty
doughboy
doughboys
doukhobor
doux
douzaine
douzeper
douzepers
douzieme
douziemes
dovekey
dovekeys
dowcet
dowdy
dowdyish
dowdyism
dowf
dowfart
dowy
dowie
dowieism
dowl
downby
downbye
downcry
downgyved
dowp
dowve
doxa
doxy
doxycycline
doxie
doxies
doxography
doxology
doxologies
doxologize
doxologized
doxologizing
doz
doze
dozed
dozen
dozens
dozent
dozer
dozers
dozes
dozy
dozier
doziest
dozily
dozing
dozzle
dozzled
dp
dpt
draffy
draffs
drch
drybrush
drycoal
dryfarm
dryfat
dryfoot
drygoodsman
dryops
drys
drysne
drizzle
drizzled
drizzles
drizzly
drizzlier
drizzling
drizzlingly
drokpa
druggy
drukpa
drumwood
drupa
druxey
druxy
druze
ds
dschubba
dsp
dsr
dt
dtd
du
duad
duads
dubash
dubba
dubbah
dubbeltje
dubby
dubhe
dubhgall
dubio
dubs
duchy
duckboat
duckfoot
duckhood
ducky
duckpin
duckpins
duckpond
duckweed
duckweeds
duckwife
ducs
dud
duddy
duds
duff
duffadar
duffy
duffs
dufoil
duftry
dug
dugdug
dugs
dugway
duhr
dui
duyker
dujan
duka
duke
dukely
dukery
dukes
dukhn
dukhobor
dukker
dukkha
dukuma
dum
dumb
dumba
dumbcow
dumbed
dumbfish
dumbfound
dumbhead
dumby
dumbly
dumbs
dumdum
dumdums
dumfounds
dumka
dumky
dummy
dummying
dummyism
dummyweed
dummkopf
dummkopfs
dump
dumpy
dumpoke
dumps
dumpty
duny
dunkadoo
dunks
dunziekte
duodenojejunal
duopod
duotype
dup
duplexed
duplexer
duplexity
duplexs
duply
duppa
duppy
dups
durezza
durukuli
durwaun
durzada
durzee
durzi
dusk
dusky
duskly
dusks
dutchy
duumvir
duumviri
duumvirs
duvet
duvetyn
duvetyne
duvetyns
dux
duxes
dvigu
dwayne
dwalm
dwarfy
dwarfs
dwyka
dwt
dx
dz
dzo
dzungar
earjewel
earwiggy
eaux
ebbs
ebcd
ebcdic
eboe
ecdyses
ecdysis
ecdyson
ecdysone
ecdysons
echoize
echoized
ecize
ecophobia
ecotypic
ecphorize
ecphova
ectypal
ectype
ectypography
ectozoa
ectozoan
ectozoans
ectozoic
ectozoon
eczema
eczemas
eczematization
eczematoid
edgy
ediya
eeyuch
eeyuck
effluxion
efph
egbo
eggcup
eggcupful
eggcups
eggfruit
eggy
egypt
egyptize
egyptology
egyptologic
egoize
egoizer
egotize
egotized
ehuawa
eyah
eyehooks
eyght
eightvos
eyot
eyoty
ejam
eject
ejidal
ejido
ejidos
ejoo
ejusd
ekhimi
ekka
ekoi
ekphory
ekphorize
elcaja
elfdom
elfhood
elfwife
elijah
elixir
elixirs
elkdom
elkhorn
elkhounds
elks
elkuma
elkwood
elmwood
elsholtzia
eluxate
elzevir
emajagua
embden
embezzle
embezzled
embezzlement
embezzler
embezzlers
embezzles
embezzling
embiid
emblazonry
embody
embog
embogue
embosk
embosks
embox
embryo
embryogeny
embryogony
embryoid
embryoism
embryoma
embryomas
embryophyta
embryophyte
embryos
embryoscope
embryoscopic
embryulci
embryulcus
embue
embuia
embusy
embusqu
embusque
emf
emyd
emyde
emydosauria
emyds
emphraxis
empuzzle
enajim
enchyma
encyc
encycl
encyst
encrypt
endjunk
endopod
endopods
endozoa
endozoic
enfrenzy
enfume
engyscope
enhydra
enhusk
enjail
enjamb
enjambed
enjambment
enjelly
enjeopard
enjeopardy
enjewel
enjoy
enjoyably
enjoyed
enjoyer
enjoying
enjoyingly
enjoys
ennuye
ennuyee
enqueue
enskyed
entozoa
entozoal
entozoan
entozoans
entozoic
entozoon
enukki
envoys
enzygotic
enzym
enzyme
enzymes
enzymic
enzymology
enzymosis
enzymotic
enzyms
enzooty
eo
eoan
eopalaeozoic
eopaleozoic
eosophobia
eozoic
eozoon
epapophysis
epaxial
ephebeubea
ephebeum
epheboi
ephebus
ephydra
ephymnium
ephyra
ephyrula
ephods
epiboly
epididymal
epididymectomy
epididymis
epididymovasostomy
epidymides
epigeum
epigyne
epigyny
epigynum
epihyal
epihydric
epiky
epilogize
epilogized
epionychium
epiphylaxis
epiphyll
epiphysis
epiphloeum
epipodium
epirhizous
episcopacy
episcopize
episcopized
epityphlon
epitoxoid
epixylous
epizeuxis
epizoa
epizoal
epizoan
epizoic
epizoicide
epizoism
epizoisms
epizoite
epizoites
epizoology
epizoon
epizooty
epizootic
epizzoa
eponychium
eponymy
eponymic
eponymize
eponyms
eponymus
epopoeia
epopoeias
epoxy
epoxide
epoxidize
epoxied
epoxyed
epoxies
epoxying
eppy
eq
eqpt
equiaxe
equiaxed
equiaxial
equivoke
equivoque
equoid
equus
ergophobia
ergophobic
eryx
erizo
errsyn
ervum
erzahler
eskimoized
esopgi
esophagoscopy
esophagospasm
espada
espadon
esq
ethoxy
ethoxyl
ethoxyls
etym
etymic
etymologize
etymologized
etymon
etypic
etuve
etuvee
eu
euboic
eucgia
euchymous
eucyclic
euda
eudyptes
eudoxian
euhyostyly
euhyostylic
eulogize
eulogized
eulogizer
eulogizers
eulogizes
eumycete
eumycetic
euonymus
euouae
eupad
euphemize
euphemized
euphemizer
euphyllopoda
euphonym
euphroe
euphrosyne
euphues
euphuism
euphuisms
euphuist
euphuize
euphuized
euphuizing
eupolyzoa
eupolyzoan
eupraxia
eurhythmy
eurhythmic
eurhythmics
eurymus
euryphage
euryphagous
eurypharynx
eurypyga
eurypygae
eurypygidae
euryscope
eurythmy
eurythmic
eurythmics
eurytus
euryzygous
euskaldun
eutaxy
eutaxie
eutaxite
eutexia
euthymy
euxine
evejar
evg
evoke
evonymus
evulge
evzone
ew
ewe
ex
exacum
exalt
exam
exams
exarchy
exaudi
exaun
excamb
exch
exchequer
excyst
excl
excoct
exconjugant
excubant
excud
excudate
excudit
excur
excuss
exdie
exempt
exequy
exequial
exequies
exes
exhbn
exhibit
exhibitor
exhibits
exhume
exhumed
exhumer
exhumes
exhusband
exiguity
exion
exit
exite
exla
exlex
exmoor
exobiology
exocyclic
exocyclica
exocycloida
exocytosis
exode
exoderm
exoderms
exody
exodic
exodium
exodoi
exodos
exodus
exoenzyme
exoenzymic
exogamy
exogamic
exogen
exogeny
exogyra
exolve
exomis
exon
exonym
exophagy
exopod
exopodite
exopoditic
exopt
exor
exorcization
exorcize
exorcized
exorcizement
exorcizer
exorcizes
exorcizing
exordize
exosmic
exospore
exotoxic
exotoxin
exotoxins
exp
expdt
expy
expiry
expo
expos
exposal
exposals
expose
expt
exptl
expugn
expunge
expwy
exquire
exr
exradio
exrx
exscinds
exscript
exsculp
exsec
exship
exsudate
ext
exta
extbook
extg
extypal
extol
extraquiz
extubate
exturb
exudate
exude
exul
exult
exults
exumbral
exurb
exurban
exurbia
exurbs
exurge
exust
exuvia
exuviable
exuviae
exuvial
exuvium
exxon
ezan
ezba
ezekiel
ezod
ezra
fab
faba
facy
fad
faddy
fady
fado
fados
fads
faffy
fag
fagaceous
fagald
faggy
faggoty
fagopyrism
fagopyrismus
fagopyrum
fagot
fagoty
fags
fay
fays
fayumic
fake
faki
faky
fakofo
falx
famp
fanjet
fanjets
faon
faq
faqir
faqirs
farmwife
fas
fasc
fash
fass
faujasite
faujdar
faulx
fauve
fauves
fauvette
fauvism
fauvisms
faux
favi
favn
favus
favuses
fawe
fawn
fawny
fax
faxed
faxes
faxing
faze
fazed
fazes
fb
fbi
fc
fcy
fconv
fcp
fcs
fdtype
fdub
fdubs
feckful
feedbox
feedboxes
feeze
feezed
feezes
fegs
fehmic
fey
feijoa
femcee
feodum
ferijee
feudum
few
fez
fezes
fezzan
fezzed
fezzes
fezzy
fezziwig
fg
fgn
fy
fib
fibbed
fibdom
fibry
fibrocyte
fibromyxoma
fibs
fyce
fyces
fidfad
figboy
figgy
fiji
fijian
fike
fyke
fikey
fykes
fikh
fylgja
fylgjur
fylker
filmgoer
filmize
filmized
findjan
finjan
fip
fiqh
fique
fyrd
firmly
fishbed
fishbowl
fitz
fitzroy
fitzroya
fix
fixable
fixage
fixate
fixatif
fixatifs
fixe
fixed
fixer
fixers
fixgig
fixidity
fixing
fixings
fixion
fixity
fixive
fixt
fixture
fixup
fixups
fixure
fixures
fiz
fizgig
fizgigs
fizz
fizzed
fizzer
fizzers
fizzes
fizzy
fizzier
fizziest
fizzing
fizzle
fizzled
fizzles
fizzling
fizzwater
fjeld
fjelds
fjord
fjords
fjorgyn
flagboat
flaky
flapdock
flapdoodle
flapjack
flapjacks
flashbulbs
flaskful
flasks
flasque
flax
flaxbird
flaxboard
flaxbush
flaxdrop
flaxen
flaxes
flaxy
flaxier
flaxlike
flaxman
flaxweed
flaxwench
flaxwife
flaxwoman
flaxwort
flb
flche
fld
fldxt
fleshquake
flex
flexed
flexes
flexibly
flexion
flexity
flexive
flexo
flexography
flexor
flexors
flexuose
flexuous
flexura
flexural
flexure
flyby
flybys
flyboat
flyboy
flybook
flybrush
flyflap
flyoff
flypast
flype
flipjack
flysch
flywinch
flywire
flix
flixweed
flogs
floozy
floozie
floozies
floppy
flops
flubdubs
fluyt
fluyts
fluke
fluked
flukey
flukes
flukeworm
fluky
flukily
flummoxed
flummoxes
flummoxing
flunkeyize
flunkydom
flunkyhood
flunkyish
flunkyism
flunkyize
flux
fluxed
fluxer
fluxes
fluxgraph
fluxible
fluxibly
fluxile
fluxing
fluxion
fluxions
fluxive
fluxroot
fluxure
fluxweed
fm
fmt
fn
foamy
fob
fobbed
fobs
fod
fodda
fodge
fog
fogas
fogbank
fogbow
fogbows
foge
fogey
fogeys
fogfruit
foggy
fogy
fogydom
fogie
fogyish
fogyism
fogyisms
fogle
fogman
fogmen
fogo
fogs
fogscoffer
fohn
fohns
foyboat
foys
fokker
folkboat
folkfree
folky
folkmot
folks
folksay
folksy
folkvang
folkvangr
folkway
folkways
foodful
foody
foods
foodstuff
foodstuffs
foozle
foozled
foozler
foozlers
foozles
foozling
fop
fopdoodle
foppy
fops
forejudge
forejudgment
forjaskit
forjesket
forjudge
forjudged
forjudges
forjudgment
forkful
forkmen
forzato
fossa
foujdar
foujdary
foujdarry
fowage
fowk
fowlpox
fowlpoxes
fox
foxbane
foxchop
foxed
foxer
foxery
foxes
foxfeet
foxfire
foxfish
foxglove
foxgloves
foxhole
foxhound
foxhounds
foxy
foxie
foxier
foxily
foxing
foxings
foxish
foxite
foxly
foxlike
foxproof
foxship
foxskin
foxskins
foxtrot
foxwood
fozy
fozier
foziest
fp
fpm
fps
fpsps
frabjous
frabjously
frakfurt
franzy
fraudful
frauds
fraxin
fraxinus
fraze
frazed
frazer
frazzle
frazzled
frazzles
frazzling
freezed
freezer
freezers
freezes
freezy
freyja
freijo
frenzy
frenzying
fry
friezer
friezes
friezy
frija
frijol
frijole
frijoles
frijolito
frypan
frypans
friskful
friszka
frixion
friz
frizado
frize
frized
frizel
frizer
frizers
frizes
frizette
frizz
frizzed
frizzen
frizzer
frizzers
frizzes
frizzy
frizzier
frizziest
frizzily
frizzing
frizzle
frizzled
frizzler
frizzlers
frizzles
frizzly
frizzlier
frizzling
frogspawn
frouze
frouzy
frouzier
frowze
frowzy
frowzier
frowzily
frowzled
frowzly
froze
frs
frt
frugs
frumpy
fruz
frwy
fs
ft
fth
fthm
ftncmd
fu
fub
fubbed
fubby
fubs
fubsy
fuckwit
fucoids
fud
fudge
fudgy
fuds
fuffy
fug
fugacy
fuggy
fugle
fugs
fugu
fugue
fuidhir
fuye
fuji
fujis
fulgur
fulyie
fulk
fultz
fulzie
fum
fumado
fumados
fumago
fumy
fumify
funbre
funje
funk
funky
funks
funny
furazan
fury
furyl
furphy
furze
furzechat
furzed
furzery
furzes
furzetop
furzy
furzier
furziest
fusk
futwa
fuze
fuzed
fuzee
fuzees
fuzes
fuzil
fuzils
fuzing
fuzz
fuzzball
fuzzed
fuzzes
fuzzy
fuzzier
fuzziest
fuzzily
fuzzines
fuzzing
fuzzle
fuzztail
fv
fw
fwd
fz
gab
gabbai
gabby
gaberlunzie
gabgab
gabi
gaby
gabion
gabs
gachupin
gadbush
gadfly
gads
gadsbud
gadso
gadzooks
gaff
gaffkya
gaffs
gaffsail
gaffsman
gagaku
gaycat
gayish
gaypoo
gays
gaize
gaj
galaxy
galaxian
galaxias
galaxies
galaxiidae
galjoen
galziekte
gambado
gambados
gamboge
gambogic
gambs
ganja
ganjas
ganza
ganzie
gap
gapa
gapy
gapo
gappy
gaps
garbanzos
gasbag
gasbags
gashful
gasoscope
gasp
gaspar
gaspy
gasps
gastrojejunal
gastrozooid
gauby
gauk
gaumy
gaup
gauze
gauzes
gauzewing
gauzy
gauzier
gauziest
gauzily
gavyuti
gavot
gawby
gawcey
gawcie
gawgaw
gawk
gawked
gawker
gawkers
gawky
gawkier
gawkies
gawkihood
gawkily
gawkish
gawkishly
gawks
gawm
gawp
gawsy
gaz
gazabo
gazaboes
gazabos
gaze
gazebo
gazeboes
gazebos
gazed
gazee
gazeful
gazel
gazer
gazers
gazes
gazet
gazette
gazi
gazy
gazogene
gazolyte
gazon
gazook
gazophylacium
gazoz
gazpacho
gazpachos
gazump
gazzetta
gcd
gd
gds
geck
geejee
geez
geezer
geezers
gey
geitjie
gekko
gemsbok
gemsboks
geo
geobiology
geobios
geocyclic
geod
geog
geoglyphic
geoid
geoids
geologize
geologized
geomyid
geomyidae
geomys
geophagy
geophysics
geopony
geoscopy
geospiza
geotaxy
gephyrea
gephyrophobia
getmjlkost
gewgaw
gewgawed
gewgawy
gewgawish
gewgawry
gewgaws
gez
gezerah
ghawazee
ghawazi
ghazal
ghazel
ghazi
ghazies
ghazis
ghazism
ghbor
ghizite
ghrush
ghurry
ghuz
gyal
gyassa
gibby
gybe
gybed
gybes
gybing
giboia
giddap
giddy
giddyish
giddypate
gidjee
gye
giffgaff
giftbook
gyges
gygis
gilguy
gym
gimbaljawed
gimberjawed
gymel
gymkhana
gymkhanas
gymnic
gymnics
gymnogynous
gymnogyps
gymnophobia
gymnosoph
gymnosophy
gymnura
gymnure
gimpy
gympie
gimps
gyms
gymsia
gyn
gyne
gynephobia
gynura
gio
giojoso
gyokuro
gip
gyp
gype
gypped
gypper
gippy
gypping
gippo
gyppo
gyps
gipsy
gypsy
gipsydom
gypsydom
gypsydoms
gypsyesque
gipsyfy
gypsyfy
gypsyhead
gipsyhood
gypsyhood
gypsying
gypsyish
gipsyism
gypsyism
gypsyisms
gypsylike
gipsyry
gypsyry
gipsyweed
gypsyweed
gypsywise
gipsywort
gypsywort
gypsography
gypsology
gypsophila
gypsophily
gypsophilous
gypsoplast
gypsous
gypsum
gypsumed
gypsums
gyri
girja
gyro
gyrohorizon
gyros
gyroscopic
gyrosyn
gyrus
gyse
gyte
gitksan
gitoxin
gyttja
gyve
gyved
gyves
gyving
gizmo
gizmos
gizz
gizzard
gizzards
gizzen
gizzern
gjedost
gl
glad
gladdy
gladful
glady
gladys
gladkaite
glads
gladship
gladsome
gladwin
glaky
glauke
glaux
glaze
glazed
glazen
glazer
glazers
glazes
glazework
glazy
glazier
glazily
glb
gld
glyc
glycic
glycid
glycide
glycidic
glycidol
glycyl
glycyls
glycin
glycyphyllin
glycyrize
glycyrrhiza
glycyrrhizin
glycogeny
glycopexia
glycopexis
glycosyl
glycosyls
glykopexic
glyn
glynn
gliocyte
glyoxal
glyoxalase
glyoxalic
glyoxalin
glyoxyl
glyoxylic
glyoxilin
glyoxim
glyoxime
glyph
glyphic
glyphography
glyphs
glyptal
glyptic
glyptodon
glitzy
globy
gloea
gloeocapsa
gloggs
gloppy
glops
gloryful
glossopodium
glossospasm
glowfly
gloxinia
gloze
glozed
glozer
glozes
glozing
glozingly
glt
glub
glucosazone
gluey
glug
glugglug
gluhwein
glum
glummy
glump
glumpy
gm
goa
goad
goads
goadsman
goaf
goajiro
goas
goat
goaty
goatpox
goave
gob
gobbe
gobbed
gobbet
gobby
gobbin
gobbledygook
gobi
goby
gobia
gobian
gobiid
gobiidae
gobiiform
gobio
gobioid
gobioidea
gobioidei
gobioids
gobo
goboes
gobony
gobos
gobs
godawful
goddize
godful
godhood
godhoods
godkin
godpapa
gods
godsake
goff
goggly
gogmagog
gogos
goi
goy
goiabada
goyazite
goyim
goyin
goyish
goys
gokuraku
goldbug
goldbugs
golfdom
golfs
gombay
gombo
gombos
gomukhi
gonys
gonopodpodia
gonozooid
gonzalo
gonzo
goodby
goodbye
goodbyes
goodbys
goody
goodyish
goodyism
goodyship
goods
goodship
goodwife
gooey
goofah
goofball
goofy
goofs
gooier
gook
gooky
gooks
goop
goopy
goops
goosy
goozle
gopak
gorkun
gos
goshawks
gospoda
gospodar
gospodin
gospodipoda
goss
gossy
gossipdom
gossypin
gossypine
gossypium
gossypol
gossypols
gossypose
gotchy
goudy
goujay
goujat
goujon
goujons
gov
gove
govt
gowan
gowany
gowd
gowdy
gowdie
gowds
gowf
gowfer
gowiddie
gowk
gowked
gowkedly
gowkit
gowks
gowl
gown
gowpen
gowpin
gox
goxes
gozell
gozill
gozzan
gozzard
gp
gpad
gpcd
gpd
gph
gpm
gps
gpss
grabhook
grayfly
granjeno
grasps
grauwacke
graze
grazer
grazes
grazie
grazioso
grecque
grf
gry
gryde
grimful
grype
gryph
gryphon
grysbok
grizel
grizzel
grizzle
grizzled
grizzler
grizzlers
grizzles
grizzly
grizzlier
grizzlies
grizzlyman
grizzling
grosz
groszy
grotzen
grouze
grovy
growze
grozart
grozer
grozet
grs
grubby
grubhood
grubworm
grubworms
grudge
grudgment
gruffy
gruffs
gruyere
gruys
grumbly
grump
grumph
grumphy
grumphie
grumpy
grumps
grungy
grunzie
grx
gs
gt
gtc
gtd
gtt
guaba
guahibo
guayaba
guayabi
guayabo
guayacan
guayaqui
guaycuru
guaycuruan
guaymie
guaiocums
guayule
guayules
guajillo
guajira
guaka
guao
guava
guavas
guaxima
guaza
guazuma
guazuti
guazzo
gubat
gubbin
gubbo
guck
gud
gudewife
gudge
gudgeon
gudget
gudok
guebucu
gufa
guff
guffaw
guffawed
guffaws
guffy
guffs
guglio
guhr
guy
guyana
guiba
guidebooky
guidebooks
guydom
guids
guidwife
guyed
guyer
guyers
guying
guijo
guyot
guyots
guys
guitguit
guywire
gujar
gujerat
gujrati
gul
gulch
gulfy
gulfs
gulfweed
gulgul
guly
gulix
gullygut
gulph
gulpy
gulps
guls
gum
gumby
gumbo
gumboil
gumboils
gumbos
gumdrop
gumdrops
gumfield
gumly
gumma
gummy
gummic
gump
gumpheon
gumphion
gumpus
gums
gumshoe
gumshoed
gumweed
gumweeds
gumwood
gumwoods
gundygut
gunyah
gunj
gunja
gunjah
gunkhole
gunky
gunks
gunz
gunzian
gup
guppy
guptavidya
gurdy
gurgly
gurjan
gurjara
gurjun
gurk
gurkha
gurl
gurly
gurmukhi
gushy
gut
gutt
gutty
guv
guz
guze
guzerat
guzul
guzzle
guzzled
guzzledom
guzzler
guzzlers
guzzles
guzzling
gv
gwag
gweduc
gweduck
gweducks
gweducs
gweed
gweeon
gwely
gwen
gwerziou
haaf
haafs
haak
habakkuk
habbub
habnab
habsburg
habu
habub
habuka
habus
hackwood
hadbot
hadj
hadjee
hadjees
hadjemi
hadjes
hadji
hadjis
hadst
haematozzoa
haff
haffkinize
hafgan
hafiz
hafnyl
hagboat
hagbolt
hagborn
hagbush
hagbut
hagbuts
hagfish
haggy
haggly
hagiophobia
hagweed
hay
haya
haybox
haycap
haycock
haycocks
haydn
haye
hayfork
hayforks
haikh
haiku
haikwan
haymow
haymows
hayne
hayz
haj
haje
hajes
haji
hajib
hajilij
hajis
hajj
hajjes
hajji
hajjis
hak
hakafoth
hakam
hakdar
hakim
hakims
hakka
hako
haku
halukkah
halutzim
hamfat
hamotzi
hamza
hamzah
hamzahs
hamzas
hanbury
handycuff
handjar
handspoke
hangby
hanky
hankt
hanukkah
hapax
happify
hapsburg
hapuku
haquebut
hardcopy
harmful
harpaxophobia
harquebus
harquebusade
harquebuse
harquebuss
harzburgite
hasky
hasps
hauberks
haubois
hauyne
hauynophyre
hausfrau
hawbuck
hawcubite
hawiya
hawk
hawkbill
hawkbills
hawkbit
hawked
hawkey
hawkeye
hawkeys
hawker
hawkery
hawkers
hawky
hawkie
hawkies
hawkish
hawkishly
hawkmoth
hawkmoths
hawknut
hawks
hawksbeak
hawksbill
hawkshaw
hawkshaws
hawkweed
hawkweeds
hawkwise
hawm
hawok
hazan
hazans
hazanut
hazara
hazard
hazardful
hazardize
hazards
haze
hazed
hazel
hazels
hazen
hazer
hazers
hazes
hazy
hazier
hazily
hazle
hazzan
hazzans
hazzanut
hb
hcb
hcf
hcl
hd
hdbk
hdkf
hdlc
hdqrs
hdwe
heazy
hebdomad
hebdomadal
hebdomads
hebdomcad
hedgehoggy
hedgy
hedychium
heeze
heezed
heezes
heezy
heezie
hefty
heiau
heyduck
heygh
heikum
heypen
heize
heized
hejazi
hejazian
hejira
hejiras
heliozoa
heliozoan
heliozoic
helpful
helzel
hematocytozoon
hematozoa
hematozoic
hematozzoa
hemiauxin
hemiglyph
hemizygote
hemizygous
hemocytozoon
hemozoon
hempbush
hepburn
heptapody
herbwife
herdbook
herezeld
hermokopid
hertzes
heuau
heuk
heuvel
hewgag
hewgh
hexabiose
hexacyclic
hexad
hexadd
hexade
hexadic
hexadiyne
hexads
hexafoil
hexagyn
hexagynia
hexaglot
hexahydric
hexahydroxy
hexahydroxycyclohexane
hexapod
hexapoda
hexapodal
hexapodan
hexapody
hexapodic
hexapodies
hexapodous
hexapods
hexarchy
hexaxon
hexdra
hexed
hexer
hexyl
hexylic
hexyls
hexyne
hexiology
hexis
hexobiose
hexode
hexogen
hexoic
hexosan
hexs
hexsub
hezekiah
hezron
hf
hgwy
hhd
hy
hyahya
hyakume
hybodus
hybrid
hybridizable
hybridize
hybridized
hybridizer
hybridizers
hybridizes
hybridizing
hybrids
hybris
hibunci
hickway
hyd
hydathode
hydatid
hydatoid
hydatoscopy
hyde
hydnum
hydrazyl
hydrazo
hydrazoate
hydrazobenzene
hydrazoic
hydrolyze
hydrolyzed
hydrolyzer
hydrophobophobia
hydroxamic
hydroxy
hydroxyazobenzene
hydroxybenzene
hydroxide
hydroxyketone
hydroxyl
hydroxylase
hydroxylic
hydroxylization
hydroxylize
hydroxyls
hydroximic
hydroxyurea
hydroxyzine
hydrozoa
hydrozoal
hydrozoan
hydrozoic
hydrozoon
hygeen
hygeia
hygeian
hygeology
highboy
highboys
highbush
highjack
highjacks
hygienize
hygiology
hygric
hygrin
hygrophyte
hygrophobia
hygroscope
hygroscopy
hygroscopic
hiyakkin
hijack
hijacked
hijacker
hijackers
hijacks
hijinks
hijra
hyke
hikuli
hyle
hylozoic
hylozoism
hylozoist
hymn
hymnbook
hymnbooks
hymned
hymner
hymnic
hymnless
hymnlike
hymnode
hymnody
hymns
hymnwise
hynd
hynde
hyne
hyoid
hyoidal
hyoids
hyoscyamus
hyp
hypapophysial
hypapophysis
hypaspist
hypaxial
hipbone
hype
hyped
hypegiaphobia
hyper
hyperdiazeuxis
hyperflexible
hyperflexibly
hyperflexion
hyperoxide
hyperoxygenize
hyperoxygenized
hyperoxygenizing
hyperphysics
hypes
hipflask
hypha
hyphal
hyphen
hyphenize
hyphenized
hyphens
hypho
hyphomycete
hyphomycetic
hyphomycosis
hyphopdia
hyphopodia
hyphopodium
hypnagogic
hypnic
hypnocyst
hypnody
hypnogia
hypnogogic
hypnoid
hypnoidize
hypnology
hypnophoby
hypnophobia
hypnophobias
hypnophobic
hypnos
hypnotizable
hypnotize
hypnotized
hypnotizer
hypnotizes
hypnotoxin
hypnum
hypo
hypoacid
hypoazoturia
hypobasal
hypobasis
hypobole
hypochdria
hypochylia
hypochlorhydric
hypochnus
hypochondry
hypocycloid
hypocycloidal
hypocystotomy
hypocytosis
hypocopy
hypocotyl
hypocrize
hypodactylum
hypoderm
hypoderms
hypodiapason
hypodiazeuxis
hypodynamic
hypodiploid
hypodiploidy
hypoed
hypogaeic
hypogamy
hypogea
hypogeal
hypogean
hypogee
hypogeic
hypogeiody
hypogene
hypogeous
hypogeum
hypogyn
hypogyny
hypogynic
hypogynies
hypogynium
hypogynous
hypoglycemia
hypoglycemic
hypoglossal
hypohyal
hypohypophysism
hypohippus
hypoid
hypoiodite
hypoiodous
hypoischium
hypokalemic
hypomixolydian
hyponychial
hyponychium
hyponym
hyponymic
hyponymous
hypopepsy
hypopharyngoscope
hypopharyngoscopy
hypopharynx
hypopharynxes
hypophyge
hypophyll
hypophyllium
hypophyllum
hypophypophysism
hypophyse
hypophyseal
hypophysectomy
hypophysectomize
hypophysectomized
hypophysectomizing
hypophyses
hypophysial
hypophysical
hypophysics
hypophysis
hypophysitis
hypophloeodal
hypophloeodic
hypophloeous
hypophrygian
hypopial
hypopygial
hypopygidium
hypopygium
hypopyon
hypopyons
hypopitys
hypoplankton
hypoploidy
hypopnea
hypopnoea
hypopoddia
hypopodia
hypopodium
hypopraxia
hypopsychosis
hypopus
hyporrhythmic
hypos
hyposarca
hyposcope
hyposynaphe
hyposmia
hypospadiac
hypospadias
hyposphene
hypospray
hypostypsis
hypostyptic
hyposulphuric
hypotaxia
hypotaxic
hypotaxis
hypoth
hypothyroids
hypotympanic
hypotype
hypotypic
hypotypical
hypotyposis
hypotoxic
hypovalve
hypoxemia
hypoxemic
hypoxia
hypoxias
hypoxic
hypoxylon
hypoxis
hypozeugma
hypozeuxis
hypozoa
hypozoan
hypozoic
hypped
hippy
hippodame
hippogryph
hippophagy
hippophobia
hippopod
hippos
hyps
hypsipyle
hypsiprymnus
hypsodont
hypsodonty
hypsography
hypsophyll
hypsophyllar
hypsophyllary
hypsophyllum
hypsophobia
hypsophoeia
hypt
hypural
hipwort
hyrachyus
hyrax
hyraxes
hyrse
hyrst
hyson
hyssop
hyssops
hyssopus
histozoic
hyzone
hizz
hizzie
hl
hld
hlidhskjalf
hlithskjalf
hlqn
hm
hny
hoactzin
hoactzins
hoagy
hoatzin
hoatzines
hoatzins
hoax
hoaxable
hoaxed
hoaxee
hoaxer
hoaxers
hoaxes
hoaxing
hoaxproof
hoazin
hob
hobbed
hobby
hobbyhorse
hobbyism
hobbyist
hobbyists
hobbil
hobbism
hobbit
hobbly
hobgoblin
hobits
hobnob
hobnobbed
hobnobs
hobo
hoboe
hoboed
hoboism
hoboisms
hobs
hockday
hod
hodad
hodaddy
hodads
hoddy
hoddypeak
hodful
hodgepodge
hodgepodges
hodgkin
hodophobia
hodoscope
hods
hoe
hoed
hoey
hogback
hogbush
hogchoker
hogcote
hoggy
hoggs
hogpen
hogsty
hogwash
hogweed
hohokam
hoi
hoya
hoys
hoju
hokan
hoke
hokey
hokeypokey
hokypoky
hokypokies
hokku
hokum
hokums
holks
holozoic
homburg
homburgs
homeozoic
homoeozoic
homozygosis
homozygosity
homozygote
homozygotes
homozygotic
homozygous
homozygously
honeyfogle
honeyfugle
honeypod
hongkong
honky
honkytonks
honzo
hoodcap
hoodful
hoody
hoods
hoodshy
hoodshyness
hooey
hoofy
hoofmarks
hoofs
hook
hooka
hookah
hookahs
hookas
hookey
hookeys
hookheal
hooky
hooklet
hookman
hooks
hookshop
hooksmith
hooktip
hookum
hookup
yak
yaka
yakalo
yakamik
yakan
yakka
yakmak
yaks
yaksha
yakshi
yakut
yakutat
iambize
yammadji
yamulkas
yangtze
yanky
yankton
yanqui
yanquis
iao
yao
yap
yapa
iapyges
iapygian
iapygii
yapock
yapocks
yapok
yapoks
yapp
yappy
yaps
yaqona
yaqui
yatvyag
yaud
yauds
yaup
yaupon
yaups
yavapai
yawnful
yawny
yawnups
yawp
yawped
yawper
yawps
yawshrub
yaxche
yazata
yazoo
ibex
ibexes
ibycter
ibycus
ibid
ibm
ibo
icbm
icequake
icy
ycie
yd
iddhi
ideoglyph
idigbo
idylize
idyls
idiobiology
idiocy
idiospasm
idiotype
idiotypic
idiotize
idiozome
kipuka
kirkmen
kyschty
kitbag
kyte
kitkahaxki
kitkehahki
kyu
kyung
kyurin
kiva
kivikivi
kivu
kiwach
kiwai
kiwi
kiwikiwi
kizil
kjeldahl
kjeldahlize
kl
klaberjass
klaxon
klaxons
klezmer
klipbok
klipdas
klipfish
kln
klop
klops
kludge
klutz
klutzes
klutzy
klutzier
klutziest
kluxer
klva
km
kmel
kmet
knackwurst
knappy
knezi
knyaz
knyazi
knysna
knobby
knobweed
knoppy
knopweed
knorhmn
knox
knoxian
knoxville
knub
knubby
knubbly
knuckly
ko
koa
koae
koan
koas
kob
koban
kobi
kobu
kobus
koda
kodagu
kodak
kodaked
kodaker
kodaking
kodakist
kodakked
kodakking
kodakry
kodiak
kodkod
kodogu
koel
koff
koft
kofta
koftgar
kogai
kogia
kohekohe
kohl
kohls
kohua
koi
koibal
koil
kojang
kojiki
kojima
kojiri
kokako
kokam
kokama
kokan
kokia
kokil
kokio
koklas
koko
kokobeh
kokoon
kokoona
kokopu
kokos
kokowai
koksaghyz
koksagyz
kokstad
koku
kokum
kokumin
koldaji
kolhoz
kolhozes
kolhozy
kolkhos
kolkhosy
kolkhoz
kolkhozes
kolkhozy
kolkhoznik
kolkka
kolkoz
kolkozes
kolkozy
kombu
komitadji
kommetje
kompow
komtok
konfyt
konyak
konjak
koodoo
koodoos
kook
kooka
kookaburra
kooky
kookie
kookri
kooks
koomkie
koopbrief
koorhmn
kop
kopagmiut
kopec
kopeck
kopek
kopeks
kopfring
koph
kophs
kopi
kopje
kopjes
kopophobia
koppa
koppas
koppie
koppies
kops
koradji
korhmn
korymboi
korsakoff
korsakow
korzec
kos
koso
kosos
kosotoxin
koss
kotuku
kotukutuku
kou
koumys
koumyses
koumyss
kouza
kovil
kowagmiut
kowbird
kowhai
kozo
kozuka
kpc
kph
kr
krakowiak
krapfen
kreitzman
kreutzer
kreutzers
kreuzer
kreuzers
krypsis
kryptic
kryptol
krypton
kromskop
krs
kru
krummholz
krzysztof
kt
kthibh
kua
kuan
kuar
kuba
kubanka
kubba
kubuklion
kudize
kudo
kudos
kudu
kudus
kudzu
kudzus
kue
kueh
kuei
kues
kuffieh
kufic
kufiyeh
kuge
kui
kuichua
kujawiak
kukang
kuki
kukoline
kukri
kuku
kukui
kukupa
kukuruku
kulaks
kulm
kumbi
kumbuk
kumyk
kumys
kumyses
kumkum
kumni
kumquat
kumquats
kumshaw
kunbi
kung
kunk
kunkur
kunzite
kunzites
kuphar
kurajong
kurbash
kurd
kuri
kurku
kurmburra
kurmi
kurrajong
kursch
kuru
kuruba
kurukh
kurumba
kurvey
kusa
kushshu
kuskos
kuskus
kuskwogmiut
kuvasz
kuvaszok
kuwait
kv
kvah
kvar
kvas
kvass
kvutza
kvutzah
kw
kwakiutl
kwamme
kwan
kwanza
kwapa
kwartje
kwaznku
kwazoku
kwela
kwhr
lacquey
lacqueyed
lacqueying
lacqueys
ladakhi
ladybug
ladybugs
ladydom
ladyfy
ladyfly
ladyhood
ladyhoods
ladyishly
ladyism
ladykin
ladykins
ladkin
lads
lagomyidae
lagomrph
lagopode
lagopodous
layfolk
layoffs
layup
lakh
lakhs
laky
lakmus
laksa
lakshmi
lambdas
lambdiod
lambdoid
lampads
lampfly
lampful
lampwick
lamziekte
lanzon
lapdog
lapdogs
lapful
lapfuls
lapsful
lapwork
laryngemphraxis
laryngoscopy
laryngospasm
laryngotyphoid
larynx
larynxes
larkspur
larkspurs
lasque
lastjob
latuka
lauds
lavy
lawbook
lawks
lawmake
lawman
lawmen
lawzy
lax
laxate
laxator
laxer
laxism
laxist
laxity
laxly
lazar
lazarly
lazars
lazy
lazyback
lazybed
lazybird
lazybone
lazyhood
lazying
lazyish
lazylegs
lazyship
lazule
lazuli
lazulis
lbf
lbs
lbw
lc
lcd
lcm
lcsymbol
ldg
leafboy
leafwood
leapful
lecythus
lehua
leiomyofibroma
leiomyoma
leiomyomas
leipoa
leipzig
lekha
lekythus
lepidophyte
lepidophloios
lepocyta
lepocyte
leptotyphlops
leucyl
leucobryum
leucocytoid
leucocytozoon
leucojum
leuk
leukemia
leukemias
leukemic
leukemics
leukemid
leukemoid
leukocidic
leukocyte
leukocytes
leukocytic
leukocytoid
leukocytosis
leukocytotic
leukoctyoid
leukodystrophy
leukoma
leukomas
leukon
leukons
leukopoiesis
leukopoietic
leukoses
leukosis
leukotaxin
leukotaxine
leukotomy
lewd
lewdly
lewie
lex
lexeme
lexemic
lexia
lexic
lezghian
lg
lgth
lh
lhb
lhd
lherzite
libken
lyc
lyceum
lych
lychnoscope
lychnoscopic
lycid
lycium
lycodoid
lycopin
lycopod
lycopode
lycopodium
lycopods
lycopsida
lycopus
lycosa
lycus
lieu
lieue
lyfkie
liftboy
lygeum
ligyda
lygus
liyuan
lija
lyken
lykewake
likuta
lilyfy
lym
lymph
lymphy
lymphocyst
lymphocyte
lymphocytes
lymphocytoma
lymphocytotoxin
lymphoid
lymphoidocyte
lymphomyxoma
lymphotaxis
lymphotoxin
lymphs
lymphuria
limpkin
lynch
lyngbyaceae
lyngbyeae
linja
linje
linoxyn
lynx
lynxes
lynxlike
liomyoma
lyophobic
lipids
lipocyte
lipodystrophy
lipomyxoma
lipopod
lipopoda
lypothymia
lipotyphla
lipoxeny
lipoxidase
lippy
lipwork
liq
liquefy
liquidy
liquidize
liquidized
liquidizer
liquidizes
liquids
liquify
lysozyme
lysozymes
lyssophobia
liszt
litz
liukiu
lixive
lixivia
lixivium
lixiviums
lyxose
liz
lizzie
lm
ln
lndg
lnr
loads
loadum
loafs
loasa
loatuko
lobbygow
lobbygows
lobbyism
lobbyisms
lobbyist
lobcokt
lobfig
lobopodium
lockbox
lockjaw
lockjaws
logbook
logbooks
logchip
logcock
loggy
logy
logicize
logicized
logicizes
logjam
logjams
logophobia
logotype
logotypy
logotypies
logs
logway
logways
logwood
logwoods
loka
lokao
lokaose
lokapala
loke
loki
lokshen
longbow
longbows
longjaw
longjaws
lonhyn
lonquhard
looie
lookdown
lookdowns
looky
lookout
looks
lookum
lookup
lookups
loomfixer
loopful
loopy
lopezia
lophiomyidae
lophiomys
lophopoda
lophura
loppy
lops
loq
loquat
loquency
lotuko
louey
louie
louiqa
louk
loukas
loukoum
loukoumi
lowdah
lox
loxed
loxes
loxia
loxic
loxing
loxocosm
loxodon
loxodont
loxodromy
loxolophodon
loxolophodont
loxomma
loxosoma
loxotic
loxotomy
lozengy
lr
lsc
lucban
lucy
luddy
ludwig
ludwigite
lug
lughdoan
lugs
lugworm
lugworms
lujavrite
lujula
lukan
lukas
luke
lukely
lukemia
luket
lukewarm
lukewarmly
lukewarmth
lumberjack
lummoxes
lumpfish
lumpkin
lundyfoot
lungful
luny
lunyie
lurk
lurky
lurks
lushburg
lushy
lushly
lutjanus
luwian
lux
luxate
luxe
luxembourg
luxemburg
luxemburger
luxes
luxive
luxury
luxuria
luxuriancy
luxuries
luxuriety
luxurist
luxurity
luxus
luzula
lv
lvov
lwl
lwm
lwop
lwp
lx
lxx
macduff
machzor
machzorim
machzors
madafu
madcap
madcaps
madhva
mado
madoc
madoqua
mads
madzoon
madzoons
mafey
mafura
magbote
maghzen
magyar
magpie
mahajan
mahajun
mahbub
mahjong
mahjonggs
mahjongs
mahzor
mahzorim
mahzors
maybush
mayduke
mayfair
mayfly
mayfowl
mayhap
mayhaps
maioid
maypop
maypops
mayvin
maize
maizer
maja
majagga
majagua
majaguas
majas
majesty
majeure
majidieh
majlis
majo
majoon
major
majorize
majors
majos
makadoo
makah
makahiki
makassar
makhorka
makhzan
makhzen
makluk
mako
makomako
makopa
makos
makoua
maku
makua
makuk
makuta
makutas
makutu
malaxage
malguzar
malguzari
malikzadi
malpraxis
mamzer
manabozho
mangelwurzel
manhoods
manjack
manjak
manjeet
manjel
manjeri
manqu
manque
mantzu
manxman
manxwoman
manzas
manzil
maoism
mapo
mappy
maps
maquahuitl
maqui
maquis
marakapas
marezzo
marybud
markazes
markkaa
markkas
markup
markups
marque
marquee
marquis
marquisdom
marshbuck
marvy
marx
marxian
marxism
marxist
marzipan
masjid
masjids
maskegs
maskmv
maskoi
maskoid
masks
masooka
masque
mastigopoda
matajuelo
matchbook
matchbooks
matchbox
matezite
matza
matzah
matzahs
matzas
matzo
matzoh
matzohs
matzoon
matzoons
matzos
matzot
matzoth
mauby
mauquahog
mauve
mauves
maux
mawger
mawk
mawky
mawkin
mawkish
mawkishly
mawks
mawmish
mawn
mawp
max
maxi
maxillojugal
maxillozygomatic
maxim
maximization
maximize
maximized
maximizer
maximizers
maximizes
maximizing
maxims
maxis
maxixe
maxixes
maxwell
maxwells
maza
mazama
mazame
mazard
mazatec
mazda
mazdaism
mazdaist
mazdakean
mazdakite
mazdoor
mazdur
maze
mazed
mazedly
mazeful
mazel
mazer
mazers
mazes
mazhabi
mazy
mazic
mazier
mazily
mazodynia
mazopathy
mazopexy
mazourka
mazourkas
mazovian
mazuca
mazuma
mazumas
mazur
mazurian
mazurka
mazurkas
mazut
mazzard
mazzards
mb
mbaya
mbd
mbps
mbuba
mc
mccoy
mcf
mcg
mckay
mcphail
md
mdnt
mdse
medakas
medjidie
medjidieh
megacycle
megafog
megajoule
megapod
megapodius
megazooid
megazoospore
meggy
megmho
megohms
mehitzah
meiji
meio
meiophylly
meiotaxy
meisje
mekbuda
melaxuma
melkhout
mendozite
mengwe
menzie
meq
merozoa
mesozoa
mesozoan
mesozoic
metavauxite
metazoa
metazoal
metazoan
metazoea
metazoic
metazoon
methylglyoxal
methoxychlor
metoxazine
metze
mew
mewed
mewl
mewls
mews
mexitl
mezcal
mezcals
mezereum
mezereums
mezo
mezquit
mezquite
mezquits
mezuza
mezuzah
mezuzahs
mezuzas
mezuzot
mezuzoth
mezzavoce
mezzo
mezzograph
mezzolith
mezzos
mezzotint
mf
mfd
mfg
mfr
mg
mgd
mgr
mgt
mh
mhg
mhz
my
miao
miaotze
miaou
miaoued
miaow
miaowed
miaower
miaows
miauw
myc
micawber
micawbers
mycetocyte
mycetozoa
mycetozoan
mycetozoon
micky
mycocyte
mycogone
mycoid
mycol
mycologize
mycomycete
mycomycetes
mycomycin
mycophagy
mycophagous
mycophyte
mycorhiza
mycorhizal
mycorrhiza
mycorrhizae
mycorrhizal
mycorrhizic
mycorrihizas
mycosymbiosis
mycosozin
mycotoxic
mycotoxin
microbiophobia
microgyne
microjoule
microjump
microjumps
microphagocyte
microzyma
microzyme
microzymian
microzoa
microzoal
microzoan
microzoary
microzoic
microzooid
microzoology
microzoon
microzoospore
myctophid
myctophum
mydatoxine
mydaus
midbody
middy
midgy
midgut
midguts
midpit
midpoint
mids
midship
midspace
midspan
midway
midweekly
midwife
myectomy
myectomize
myectopy
myelospasm
myelozoa
myelozoan
miff
miffy
miffs
myg
mijakite
mijl
mijnheer
mijnheerl
mikado
mikadoate
mikadoism
mikados
mikasuki
mikey
miki
mykiss
mikvah
mikvahs
mikveh
mikvehs
mikvoth
miljee
milkbush
milkfish
milkgrass
milky
milkmen
milkshop
milksop
milksoppy
milksops
milkweed
milkwood
milkwoods
mylohyoid
milvus
milwaukee
milzbrand
mym
mimotypic
mimzy
minbu
mynpacht
mynpachtbrief
minx
minxes
minxish
minxishly
minxship
myocdia
myocyte
myofibril
myogen
myoid
myokymia
myoma
myomas
myopachynsis
myope
myophysical
myophysics
myopy
myopia
myopias
myopic
myopies
myops
myoscope
myospasm
myospasmia
myotomy
myowun
myoxidae
myoxine
myoxus
miqra
myriapoda
myriapods
myriopod
myriopoda
myriopods
mirky
mirkly
myrmecobius
myrmecophagoid
myrmecophobic
myrmekite
myrmica
myrmicid
myroxylon
myrrh
myrrhy
myrrhs
myrt
mirvs
mirza
mirzas
misadapt
misadapts
misadd
misadds
misadjust
misbaptize
miscopy
miscopying
misdaub
misdo
misgye
misyoke
misyoked
misyokes
misjoin
misjoins
misjudge
misjudged
misjudger
misjudges
misjudgingly
misjudgment
misjudgments
miskal
misky
mismaze
misogyne
misogyny
mysogynism
mysoid
mysophobia
misoxeny
mispay
misspoke
miszone
mythize
mythopoeia
mitvoth
mitzvah
mitzvahs
mitzvoth
mix
myxa
mixable
myxamoeba
mixblood
mixe
mixed
myxedemic
mixedly
myxemia
mixer
mixers
mixes
mixhill
mixy
mixible
myxine
mixing
myxinoid
mixite
myxo
myxocystoma
myxocyte
myxocytes
myxoedema
myxoedemic
myxofibroma
myxoglioma
myxoid
mixolydian
mixology
mixologies
myxoma
myxomas
myxomata
myxomatous
myxomycetales
myxomycete
myxomycetes
myxomycetous
myxomyoma
myxophyceae
myxophycean
myxophyta
myxophobia
mixoploid
mixoploidy
myxopod
myxopoda
myxopodan
myxopodia
myxopodium
myxopodous
myxopoiesis
myxorrhea
myxospongiae
myxospongida
myxospore
myxosporium
myxosporous
myxoviral
myxovirus
mixt
mixtec
mixtiform
mixtion
mixture
mixup
mixups
mizar
mize
mizen
mizens
mizmaze
myzomyia
myzont
mizpah
mizrah
mizzen
mizzens
mizzentop
mizzy
mizzle
mizzled
mizzler
mizzles
mizzly
mizzling
mizzonite
mk
mks
mkt
mktg
ml
mlx
mm
mmf
mmfd
mmmm
mn
moas
mobby
mobbie
mobcap
mobcaps
mockado
mockful
mockups
mody
mods
mog
moggy
moggio
mogo
mogos
mogs
moguey
mohawks
moya
mojo
mojos
mokaddam
mokador
mokamoka
moke
moky
mokihi
moko
moksha
mokum
molybdic
mollymawk
momzer
monaxon
monkdom
monkeyfy
monkeypod
monkeypot
monkhood
monkhoods
monkshoods
monogyny
monohydroxy
mononymize
monoxyla
monoxyle
monoxylic
monozygotic
monozygous
monozoa
monozoan
monozoic
montezuma
montjoy
montjoye
monzogabbro
moods
moonjah
moonquake
mopy
mopoke
mopokes
moppy
mopsy
moqui
mosks
mosque
mosquish
motyka
moudy
moujik
moujiks
moussakas
mouthful
mouzah
mouzouna
mowch
mowcht
mowie
moxa
moxas
moxie
moxies
moxo
mozambique
mozart
moze
mozemize
mozetta
mozette
mozing
mozo
mozos
mozzetta
mozzettas
mozzette
mp
mpangwe
mpb
mpbs
mpg
mph
mphps
mr
mrs
ms
msg
mt
mtd
mtg
mtge
mtn
mts
mtscmd
mtx
muchly
mucky
muckweed
muckworm
muckworms
mud
mudbank
mudcap
mudcaps
mudcat
mudd
muddy
muddify
mudejar
mudfat
mudfish
mudhook
mudpack
mudpuppy
muds
mudskipper
mudspate
mudweed
muezzin
muezzins
mufasal
muff
muffy
muffs
mufty
mug
mugful
mugg
muggy
muggs
muggur
muggurs
mugs
muguet
mugweed
mugwet
mugwort
mugwump
mugwumpery
mugwumpian
mugwumpish
mugwumpism
mugwumps
muhly
muysca
muyusa
mujik
mujiks
mujtahid
mukade
mukden
mukhtar
mukluk
mukluks
mukri
muktar
mukti
muktuk
mulch
mulk
multijet
mumbo
mumbudget
mumjuma
mummy
mummydom
mummify
mummyhood
mumps
munchy
mungy
mungofa
munguba
munychia
munychion
munj
munjeet
muntjac
muntjacs
muntjak
muntjaks
muntz
muphrid
murexid
murk
murky
murkly
murks
murph
murphy
murphying
muruxi
murza
murzim
muscly
muscovado
muscovy
mushy
mushru
mushrump
musjid
musjids
musk
muskat
muskeg
muskeggy
muskegs
muskgrass
muskhogean
musky
muskit
muskogean
muskogee
muskox
muskoxen
musks
muskwaki
muskwood
muspike
musquaw
musqueto
muumuu
muvule
mux
muzarab
muzhik
muzhiks
muzjik
muzjiks
muzo
muzoona
muzz
muzzy
muzzier
muzziest
muzzily
muzzle
muzzled
muzzleloader
muzzler
muzzlers
muzzles
muzzlewood
muzzling
mv
mw
mwa
mxd
mzee
mzungu
nabbuk
nabk
nabs
nagkassar
nayaur
naja
nakhod
nakhoda
nako
nakoo
nangka
nannybush
napkin
napoo
nappy
napu
naskhi
nasopharynxes
navajo
navajos
navy
navvy
nawob
nazdrowie
naze
nazi
nazify
nazifying
nazim
nazis
nazism
nb
nbg
nebbuk
neckful
neckyoke
neckweed
neeze
neffy
nejd
nejdi
nematozooid
neocyte
neodymium
neopaleozoic
neoza
neozoic
nephrauxe
nephrozymosis
neuk
neuraxon
neuraxons
newburg
newly
newlywed
newlyweds
newsboy
newsboys
newshawk
nexal
nextdoor
nextly
nexum
nexus
ngoko
nguyen
ngwee
ny
nyamwezi
nyanja
nyanza
nibby
nybble
nybblize
nibung
nyctophobia
nydia
nietzsche
niyoga
nijholt
nijinsky
nikkud
nikkudim
nylghai
nylghau
nymil
nimkish
nymph
nympha
nymphal
nympheum
nymphic
nymphid
nymphly
nymphlike
nymphlin
nympho
nymphon
nymphos
nymphs
nymss
ninja
niobic
niobid
niobium
niobiums
nyssa
nitzschia
nix
nixe
nixer
nixy
nixie
nixies
nixing
nyxis
nixon
nizam
nizams
nizey
nizy
nj
njave
nl
nm
nobby
nobody
nobodyd
noddy
noex
nogaku
noibwood
noyful
noix
nonazotized
nonbooks
nonbuying
nonbulkhead
nonbusy
nongypsy
nonhygroscopic
noninjury
nonjury
nonjurying
nonmyopic
nonoxidizable
nonoxidization
nonoxidizing
nonperjury
nonphobic
nooky
nooks
norkyn
novas
novodamus
novum
novus
nowaday
nowch
nox
noxa
noxal
noxally
noxial
nozi
nozzle
nozzler
nozzles
np
npfx
nub
nuba
nubby
nubbly
nubia
nubias
nubs
nuddy
nudophobia
nudzh
nuke
nukes
nukuhivan
numbed
numbfish
numbs
numbskull
numda
nump
numps
numskull
numskulls
numud
nunky
nunquam
nuque
nurls
nutjobber
nutmeggy
nuzzer
nuzzle
nuzzled
nuzzler
nuzzlers
nuzzles
nuzzling
nv
oad
oadal
oaf
oafdom
oafishly
oafs
oak
oakboy
oaky
oaklet
oakmoss
oaks
oakum
oakums
oakweb
oakwood
oathful
obb
obclude
obdt
obex
obfirm
obfusk
obi
obia
obias
obiit
obispo
obj
object
objectivize
objectize
objectized
objectizing
objects
objet
objscan
objure
objurgate
obloquy
obnoxiety
obnoxious
oboe
obpyriform
obrize
obsequy
obstruxit
obv
occupy
ochymy
ochozoma
ocypoda
ocypodan
ocypode
ocypodian
ocypodidae
ocypodoid
ocyte
ocque
octads
octapody
octdra
octopod
octopoda
octopodan
octopods
ocuby
od
oda
odax
odd
odds
oddsbud
oddsman
odyl
odylize
odyls
odyssey
ods
odso
odum
odwyer
odz
odzookers
odzooks
oe
oecophobia
oeuvre
ofay
ofays
offcut
offpay
offs
offsaddle
offscum
offtype
ogboni
ogdoad
ogdoads
ogdoas
oghuz
ogygia
ogygian
ogmic
ogpu
ogum
ohio
ohioan
ohmic
ohms
ohv
oyapock
oidwlfe
oie
oyez
oii
oikophobia
oiks
ojibwa
ojibway
ojibwas
ok
oka
okay
okays
okapi
okapia
okapis
okas
oke
okeh
okey
okeydoke
okeydokey
oki
okoume
okrug
okruzi
okshoofd
okthabah
okuari
okupukupu
oldwife
olycook
oligomycin
oligomyodae
oligomyoid
oligophagy
oligopsychia
oligopsony
oligorhizous
olykoek
ombrophyte
ombrophobe
ombrophoby
ombudsman
omohyoid
onycha
onychauxis
onychia
onychium
onychogryposis
onychoid
onychomycosis
onychophagy
onychophyma
onym
onymy
onymity
onymize
onyx
onyxes
onyxis
onyxitis
onza
oobit
oocyst
oocyte
oofy
oopak
oopod
oopodal
oops
oopuhue
ooscopy
ootype
ooze
oozed
oozes
oozy
oozier
ooziest
oozily
oozing
oozoa
oozoid
oozooid
op
opa
opah
opai
opaque
opaqued
opaquely
opaquer
opaques
opcode
opeidoscope
ophidiophobia
ophioid
ophiophoby
ophiophobia
ophiuchid
ophryon
ophrys
opifex
opiophagy
opodidymus
opodymus
opopanax
opoponax
opp
oppida
oppidum
opposal
oppugn
oppugns
ops
opsy
opt
optimize
optimizer
orakzai
orby
orbs
orchidopexy
orejon
oreodoxa
orexin
orexis
orgy
orgyia
oryx
oryxes
oryza
oryzomys
oryzopsis
orkhon
ormazd
ormuzine
orphize
orthoxazin
osaka
osazone
oskar
osmazome
osophy
osphyalgia
osphyalgic
oswego
otyak
otocyon
otocyst
otogyps
otomyces
otozoum
otxi
ouabaio
ouyezd
ouija
oukia
ouph
outadd
outadds
outbuzz
outdazzle
outdazzled
outdazzling
outdo
outdwell
outdwelt
outfly
outflux
outfox
outfoxed
outfoxes
outfoxing
outgaze
outgazed
outglad
outglow
outgo
outgun
outguns
outhymn
outjazz
outjest
outjet
outjinx
outjinxed
outjinxes
outjinxing
outjockey
outjuggle
outjuggled
outjuggling
outjump
outjumps
outjut
outjuts
outjutted
outknave
outquaff
outswum
outswung
outvaunt
outvying
outvoyage
outvoice
outvote
outvoted
outvoter
outvotes
outwrung
outwwept
outzany
ouze
ouzel
ouzels
ouzo
ouzos
ova
ovambo
ovampo
overjade
overjawed
overjob
overjoyful
overjoyfully
overjoys
overjudge
overjudgment
overjump
overoxidize
overoxidized
ovibos
ovicyst
ovocyte
ovum
owd
owe
owk
owldom
ox
oxadiazole
oxaldehyde
oxalic
oxalyl
oxamic
oxan
oxane
oxazin
oxazine
oxazines
oxazole
oxbane
oxbird
oxblood
oxbloods
oxboy
oxbow
oxbows
oxbrake
oxcheek
oxdiazole
oxea
oxeye
oxeyes
oxen
oxeote
oxer
oxes
oxfly
oxford
oxfords
oxgall
oxgang
oxgate
oxgoad
oxherd
oxhide
oxhoft
oxhorn
oxhuvud
oxy
oxyacid
oxyacids
oxyaena
oxyaldehyde
oxyaphia
oxyazo
oxybapha
oxybaphon
oxybaphus
oxybenzaldehyde
oxybenzene
oxybenzyl
oxybenzoic
oxybromide
oxybutyria
oxybutyric
oxycamphor
oxycephaly
oxycephalic
oxychloric
oxychlorid
oxycyanide
oxycoccus
oxycopaivic
oxid
oxydactyl
oxidase
oxydase
oxidasic
oxydasic
oxydation
oxide
oxydiact
oxidic
oxidizability
oxidizable
oxidization
oxidizations
oxidize
oxidized
oxidizement
oxidizer
oxidizers
oxidizes
oxidizing
oxids
oxyfatty
oxygas
oxygen
oxygenase
oxygenic
oxygenium
oxygenizable
oxygenization
oxygenize
oxygenized
oxygenizement
oxygenizer
oxygenizing
oxygens
oxygeusia
oxygon
oxygonal
oxyhaemoglobin
oxyhaloid
oxyhydrate
oxyhydric
oxyhydrogen
oxyiodide
oxyl
oxylabrax
oxim
oxime
oxymel
oxymora
oxims
oxyopy
oxyopia
oxyopidae
oxyphenyl
oxyphenol
oxyphil
oxyphile
oxyphiles
oxyphilic
oxyphyllous
oxyphilous
oxyphils
oxyphyte
oxyphony
oxypycnos
oxypicric
oxypolis
oxypurine
oxyrhynch
oxyrhynchid
oxyrhynchous
oxyrhynchus
oxyrhine
oxyrrhyncha
oxyrrhynchid
oxysalt
oxysome
oxysomes
oxysulphid
oxysulphide
oxytocia
oxytocic
oxytocics
oxytocin
oxytocous
oxytoluic
oxytone
oxytonize
oxyuricide
oxyurid
oxyuridae
oxyurous
oxlike
oxlip
oxlips
oxman
oxozone
oxozonide
oxozonides
oxreim
oxshoe
oxskin
oxwort
oz
ozan
ozark
ozias
ozoena
ozone
ozonify
ozonize
ozonized
ozonizer
ozonizers
ozonizes
ozonizing
ozophen
ozophene
ozotype
ozs
pa
paas
paauw
paawkier
pacaya
pachycephal
pachychymia
pachycladous
pachydactyl
pachyderm
pachyderms
pachyma
pachypod
pachypodous
pachyrhynchous
pachyrhizus
packway
packwax
packwaxes
pacouryuva
pacquet
pad
padauk
padauks
padda
paddy
paddybird
paddyism
paddywack
paddywatch
paddywhack
paddock
paddocks
padfoot
padge
padou
padouk
padouks
padpiece
pads
padsaw
paduan
paduasoy
paduasoys
padus
pagiopod
pagiopoda
pagodas
pagods
pagoscope
paguma
pay
paybox
paycheck
paycheque
paycheques
paijama
paynize
payoff
payoffs
pays
payt
paized
pajahuello
pajama
pajamas
pajero
pajock
pakawa
pakawan
pakhpuluk
pakhtun
palaeoglyph
palaeozoic
palaeozoology
palazzo
paleoglyph
paleozoic
paleozoology
palfgeys
palfry
palmful
pamhy
pamphysic
pancreozymin
panegyrize
panegyrized
panegyrizer
panegyrizes
panfry
pangful
pangwe
panhygrous
panjabi
panjandrum
panjandrums
panmixy
panmixia
panmixias
panphobia
pansphygmograph
panurgy
panzer
panzers
panzoism
panzooty
paopao
pap
papa
papacy
papagay
papagayo
papago
papaya
papayaceous
papaio
papaphobia
paparazzo
papas
papaw
papaws
papboat
papyr
papyri
papyrus
papize
papoose
papoosh
pappy
pappyri
pappox
paps
papua
papuan
paque
paquet
paraxial
paraxon
parazoa
parbuckle
paronymize
paroxazine
paroxysm
paroxysmal
paroxysmic
paroxysms
paroxytone
paroxytonize
parquet
parukutu
pas
pasan
pashka
pashm
pask
pasmo
paso
pasquil
pasquils
pasquin
pass
passade
passado
passadoes
passados
passaggio
passagio
passamaquoddy
passamezzo
passbook
passbooks
passemezzo
passkey
passkeys
passo
patd
pau
paua
paucijugate
pauciloquy
pauky
paukpan
paunchful
paunchy
paup
pauraque
pauropoda
pauxi
pav
pavans
pavy
pavid
pavlov
pavo
pavonazzetto
pavonazzo
pavonize
paw
pawaw
pawdite
pawk
pawkery
pawky
pawkier
pawkiest
pawkily
pawkrie
pawl
pawls
pawmark
pawn
pawns
pawnshops
pawpaw
pawpaws
pax
paxes
paxilla
paxilli
paxiuba
paxwax
paxwaxes
pazend
pbx
pbxes
pc
pcf
pcm
pct
pd
pdl
pdn
pdq
peabody
pechys
peckful
pegbox
pegboxes
peggy
peggymast
pegh
pegoxyl
pegs
pegtops
pegwood
peyote
peyotyl
peyotyls
peyotl
peixere
peize
pejorism
pekoe
pelecypod
pelecypoda
pelmatozoa
pelmatozoic
pemphixes
pentzia
pepful
peptize
peptizer
perijove
perjink
perjinkety
perjinkly
perjure
perjured
perjurer
perjures
perjury
perky
peroxy
peroxyacid
peroxid
peroxidic
peroxidize
peroxidized
peroxidizement
peroxidizing
peroxids
peroxyl
pettyfog
pettygod
petzite
peucyl
peuhl
pew
pewdom
pewee
pewful
pewy
peziza
pezizaceae
pezizaceous
peziziform
pezizoid
pezograph
pezophaps
pf
pfc
pfd
pfg
pflag
pfui
pfund
pfx
pg
pgnttrp
ph
phaeophyceous
phagocytable
phagocytal
phagocyte
phagocyter
phagocytic
phagocytism
phagocytize
phagocytized
phagocytizing
phagocytolysis
phagocytose
phagocytosed
phagocytosis
phagocytotic
phagophobia
phajus
pharyngemphraxis
pharyngoscopy
pharyngospasm
pharyngotyphoid
pharynxes
phenylbutazone
phenylglyoxylic
phenoxazine
phenoxybenzamine
phenoxid
phenozygous
phew
phycic
phyciodes
phycochromophyceous
phycocyanin
phycography
phycology
phycomyces
phycomycete
phycomycetes
phycomycetous
phycophaein
phyla
phylaxis
phylaxises
phyle
philhymnic
phylic
phyllopod
phyllopoda
phyllopodan
phyllopodium
phyllotaxy
phylloxera
phylloxerae
phylloxeran
phylloxeras
phylloxeric
phyllozooid
philodoxer
philogyny
philozoic
philozoist
phylum
phyma
phymas
phymosia
phys
physa
physagogue
physapoda
physcia
physcioid
physic
physicky
physicks
physics
physid
physiogeny
physiogony
physiol
physiologize
physiopsychic
physiosophy
physiotype
physiotypy
physique
physiqued
physiques
physis
physiurgy
physnomy
physogastry
physopod
physopoda
physopodan
phytoalexin
phytobezoar
phytobiology
phytodynamics
phytogamy
phytogeny
phytoid
phytol
phytoma
phyton
phytophaga
phytophagan
phytophage
phytophagy
phytophagous
phytophil
phytophylogeny
phytophysiology
phytopsyche
phytoptid
phytoptus
phytotaxonomy
phytotoxic
phytotoxin
phytozoa
phytozoan
phytozoaria
phytozoon
phiz
phizes
phizog
phlebemphraxis
phlebopexy
phlegmy
phlegms
phlyzacious
phlyzacium
phloeum
phlogisma
phlorhizin
phloridzin
phlorizin
phlorrhizin
phlox
phloxes
phloxin
phoby
phobia
phobiac
phobias
phobic
phobism
phobist
phobophobia
phobos
phoebads
phooka
phorozooid
phosphyl
photoglyphy
photomezzotype
photozincotypy
phpht
phr
phrygia
phrygian
phrygianize
phrygium
phryma
phrynoid
pht
phu
phulkari
phulwa
phulwara
phut
pya
pyas
piazza
piazzas
piazze
piazzetta
pibcorn
pibgorn
picayune
pyche
pickaxing
pickmaw
pickmen
pickoffs
pickups
pickwick
pickwicks
pycnid
picojoule
picquet
picuda
piddock
pidgized
pidgizing
pidjajap
pie
pye
piewife
piewipe
piezo
piff
pig
pygal
pygarg
pigboat
pigeonpox
pigface
pigfoot
pigful
pigg
piggy
piggyback
piggybacks
pigyard
pygidia
pygidid
pygidium
pigly
pygmean
pigmew
pigmy
pygmy
pygmydom
pygmies
pygmyhood
pygmyish
pygmyism
pygmyisms
pygmyship
pygmyweed
pygmoid
pygofer
pygopagus
pygopod
pygopodes
pygopodidae
pygopodine
pygopodous
pygopus
pygostyle
pigpen
pigpens
pigwash
pigweabbits
pigweed
pigweeds
pigwidgeon
pigwidgin
pigwigeon
pyic
pyin
pyjama
pyjamas
pik
pika
pikas
pike
pyke
pikey
piki
piky
pyknatom
pyknic
pylic
pinbush
pinchbug
pinchbugs
pindjajap
pinjane
pinjra
pinky
pinkweed
pynung
pinups
pinx
pinxit
pyocyst
pyocyte
pyoid
pyolymph
pyopneumocyst
pyopoietic
pyoptysis
pioxe
pipey
pipewood
pipy
pipid
pipkin
pipkins
pippy
pipsqueak
pipsqueaks
piqu
pyr
pyrexia
pyrexial
pyrexias
pyrexic
pyrgom
pyridoxal
pyridoxin
pirijiri
pyritize
pirojki
pyrolyzate
pyrolyze
pyrolyzed
pyrolyzer
pyrolyzes
pyronyxis
pyroscopy
pyroxene
pyroxyle
pyroxylene
pyroxylic
pyroxylin
pyroxyline
pyroxonium
pirozhki
pirozhok
pyrrhuloxia
pyrrhus
pyrus
pyruvaldehyde
pyruvate
pyruvic
pyruvyl
pyruwl
pishquow
pisky
piskun
pithful
pyuria
pyurias
pivot
pivotman
pivots
pyvuril
piwut
pix
pyx
pixel
pixels
pixes
pyxes
pixy
pyxidate
pyxides
pyxidia
pyxidium
pixie
pyxie
pixieish
pixies
pyxies
pixyish
pyxis
pizazz
pizazzes
pize
pizz
pizza
pizzas
pizzazz
pizzazzes
pizzeria
pizzerias
pizzicato
pizzle
pizzles
pk
pkg
pkgs
pks
pkt
pkwy
placque
playbooks
playfolk
playful
planxty
platymyoid
platypygous
platypod
platypoda
platypodia
platypodous
plaza
plazas
pleopods
plewch
plewgh
plexal
plexippus
plexor
plexors
plexure
plexus
plf
ply
plywood
plywoods
plouky
plowboy
plowboys
plowjogger
pluffy
plugboard
pluggy
plugman
plugmen
plugs
plugugly
plupf
plushy
plusquam
pm
pmk
pmsg
pmt
pneumotyphoid
pneumotyphus
pnigophobia
pnyx
pnxt
po
poa
poachy
pob
pobby
pobbies
pobedy
pobs
pocketbooks
pocky
pockweed
pockwood
poco
pod
podagry
podal
podatus
podaxonia
podaxonial
poddy
poddia
poddidge
poddige
poddish
poddock
podex
podge
podgy
podia
podium
podiums
pododynia
podogyn
podogyne
podogynium
podophyllic
podophyllin
podophyllotoxin
podophyllous
podophyllum
podophrya
podophryidae
podos
podoscaph
podoscopy
pods
podsol
podsolize
podsolized
podsolizing
podsols
podtia
podunk
podzol
podzolic
podzolization
podzolize
podzolized
podzolizing
podzols
poe
poetize
poetizer
pogey
pogeys
pogge
poggy
pogy
pogo
pohutukawa
poi
poy
poybird
pokable
pokan
poke
poked
pokeful
pokey
pokeys
pokeloken
pokeout
poker
pokes
pokeweed
pokeweeds
poky
pokie
pokily
pokom
pokomam
pokomo
pokomoo
pokunt
polaxis
polyaxial
polyaxon
polyaxone
polybuny
polycarboxylic
polychromize
polycycly
polyfoil
polygamize
polygyn
polygynaiky
polygyny
polygynic
polyhybrid
polyhydroxy
polyhymnia
polymyodi
polymyodous
polymyoid
polymixia
polymixiid
polymixiidae
polymyxin
polymny
polyoecy
polyopsy
polyoxide
polyphagy
polyphyly
polyphyodont
polyphloisboioism
polyphloisboism
polyphobia
polyphobic
polypi
polypidom
polypod
polypoda
polypody
polypodium
polypods
polypoid
polyptych
polypus
polyrhythmic
polyrhizal
polyrhizous
polyspast
politzerize
polyzoa
polyzoal
polyzoan
polyzoans
polyzoary
polyzoarium
polyzoic
polyzoism
polyzonal
polyzooid
polyzoon
polje
polk
polka
polkadot
polkas
polki
pollywogs
polska
poluphloisboic
pombe
pombo
pomphus
pondbush
ponja
ponzite
pooa
pood
poods
poogye
poojah
pook
pooka
pookaun
pookawn
pookhaun
pookoo
poop
poophyte
poops
pooty
pop
popadam
popal
popcorn
popcorns
popdock
popeye
popglove
popgun
popguns
popie
popify
popinjay
popinjays
popjoy
popode
popodium
poppa
poppadom
poppas
poppy
poppycock
poppycockish
poppyfish
poppyhead
poppylike
poppywort
popply
pops
popshop
popsy
popweed
porgy
porkchop
porkfish
porky
porkpen
porkpie
porkpies
porks
porkwoods
porphyry
porphyrize
porphyrized
porphyrizing
porzana
pos
posada
posadas
posadaship
poshly
posy
poss
possy
possumwood
postadjunct
postbags
postfix
postfixal
postfixial
postfixing
postflexion
posthypophysis
postjugular
postsphygmic
postxiphoid
postxyphoid
postzygapophyseal
postzygapophysial
postzygapophysis
potboydom
potful
potgun
potgut
potycary
pouchful
poucy
pouffs
poufs
pourquoi
pow
powan
powcat
powdike
powdry
powldoody
powny
pows
powsoddy
powwow
powwowed
powwowism
pox
poxed
poxes
poxy
poxing
poxvirus
poz
pozzy
pozzolan
pozzolana
pozzolans
pozzuolana
pozzuolanic
ppa
ppb
ppd
pph
pps
ppt
pptn
pq
prabhu
praezygapophysis
prayful
prajapati
prajna
prasophagy
praxeology
praxiology
praxis
preadjunct
preboyhood
preexhibit
prehypophysis
preinjury
prejudge
prejudged
prejudger
prejudges
prejudgment
prejudgments
prejudice
prejudiced
prejudices
prejudicious
presphygmic
pretzel
pretzels
prexy
prezygapophysial
prezygapophysis
prezygomatic
prf
prys
pryse
privy
prix
prize
prized
prizer
prizery
prizers
prizes
prn
proenzym
proenzyme
progypsy
project
projects
projet
projets
proleukocyte
prolixity
prolixly
promptbooks
pronymph
prophylaxy
prophylaxis
propygidium
propjet
propjets
propoxy
propoxyphene
propwood
prosapy
prosopopoeia
prosopopoeial
prosopospasm
protoxidize
protoxidized
protoxids
protozoa
protozoal
protozoan
protozoea
protozoean
protozoic
protozzoa
prox
proxemic
proxemics
proxeny
proxy
proxied
proxies
proxying
proxima
proximad
proxime
proximity
proximo
proximobuccal
proxyship
proxysm
prozygapophysis
prozymite
prozone
prudy
pruh
ps
pseudapospory
pseudaxis
pseudoapoplexy
pseudodoxal
pseudodoxy
pseudogyne
pseudogyny
pseudopeziza
pseudopod
pseudopodal
pseudopodia
pseudopodic
pseudopodium
pseudotyphoid
pseudovum
pseudozoea
pseudozoogloeal
psf
psych
psychagogy
psychagogic
psychagogos
psyche
psychid
psycho
psychobiology
psychobiologic
psychobiotic
psychoda
psychofugal
psychogeny
psychoid
psychokyme
psychologize
psychopannychy
psychophysic
psychophysics
psychophobia
psychoprophylaxis
psychorhythmic
psychotaxis
psychozoic
psychrophobia
psychs
psychurgy
psykter
psykters
psize
psoadic
psoae
psoai
psoas
psovie
psw
pt
pterygopodium
ptg
pty
ptyxis
ptp
pua
puan
pubs
puckfist
puckfoist
pud
pudda
puddy
puddock
pudge
pudgy
pudgily
pudibund
pudic
puds
pudsy
pudu
puebloize
puff
puffback
puffball
puffballs
puffbird
puffy
puffs
pufftn
puffwig
pug
pugdog
puggi
puggy
puggle
puggry
pugh
pugman
pugmarks
pugmill
pugs
puy
puya
puja
pujari
pujunan
puka
puke
puked
pukeka
pukeko
puker
pukes
pukeweed
pukhtun
puky
pukish
pukka
pukras
puku
pulajan
pulijan
pulitzer
pulk
pulka
pulpwood
pulpwoods
pulque
pulques
pulsejet
pulsojet
pulsojets
pulv
pumex
pumpkin
pumpkins
pumpknot
pumps
pumpwell
pumpwright
pun
puna
punchbowl
punchy
punct
pungapung
pungy
pungyi
pungs
puny
punyish
punyism
punyship
punjabi
punjum
punk
punka
punkah
punkahs
punkas
punkey
punkeys
punky
punks
punkt
punkwood
punny
pupa
pupas
pupfish
pupoid
puppy
puppydom
puppydoms
puppyfeet
puppify
puppyfish
puppyfoot
puppyhood
puppying
puppyish
puppyism
puppylike
pups
pupunha
puraque
purkinje
purkinjean
purls
pursy
pushful
pushy
pushup
pushups
pussycat
pussyfoot
pussytoe
puszta
putchuk
putz
puxy
puzzle
puzzled
puzzledly
puzzledom
puzzlehead
puzzleman
puzzlement
puzzlepate
puzzlepated
puzzler
puzzlers
puzzles
puzzling
puzzlingly
puzzlings
puzzolan
puzzolana
pvt
pwca
pwr
pwt
qadi
qaf
qaid
qaids
qaimaqam
qasidas
qat
qats
qe
qed
qh
qy
qid
qiyas
ql
qm
qn
qoph
qophs
qp
qqv
qr
qrs
qs
qt
qtam
qtd
qty
qto
qtr
qts
qu
qua
quab
quackhood
quad
quadplex
quadplexes
quadrijugal
quads
quaff
quaffs
quag
quaggy
quags
quahog
quahogs
quay
quayage
quayed
quayful
quays
quake
quakeful
quaky
quapaw
quarks
quartzes
quartzy
quartzic
quartzite
quartzless
quartzoid
quartzose
quartzous
quasky
quatorzes
quauk
quaw
quawk
qubba
queazy
quechua
quei
quey
queys
quem
quetzal
quetzals
quezal
quezals
quib
quids
quiff
quiffs
quillajas
quinquejugous
quipful
quippy
quisby
quixote
quixotes
quixotic
quixotism
quixotize
quixotry
quiz
quizzable
quizzacious
quizzed
quizzee
quizzer
quizzery
quizzers
quizzes
quizzy
quizzical
quizzically
quizzify
quizzing
quizzingly
quizzish
quizzism
quizzity
qung
quoad
quod
quods
quokka
quokkas
quop
qursh
qv
raadzaal
rabfak
rackway
racquet
radiopaque
radzimir
raffs
ragazze
ragbag
ragbags
rayful
raj
raja
rajab
rajah
rajahs
rajarshi
rajas
rajaship
rajasic
rajbansi
rajeev
rajes
rajesh
rajidae
rajiv
rajpoot
rajput
rakija
raku
rambooze
ramfeezled
ramjet
ramjets
ranjit
rapakivi
raquet
rashful
raspy
rasps
rauk
raukle
raupo
rawky
rax
raxed
raxing
raze
razee
razer
razes
razoo
razor
razors
razoumofskya
razour
razz
razzberry
razzed
razzer
razzes
razzia
razzle
razzly
razzmatazz
rcd
rcpt
rcvr
reawoke
rebops
rebozo
rebozos
rebuffably
rebuffs
rebuy
rebuying
rebukable
rebuke
rebuked
rebukeful
rebuker
rebukes
redbuck
redbuds
redbug
redbugs
redjacket
reduzate
redwud
reeject
reexhibit
reexhibits
reflexiue
reflexly
rehboc
rehybridize
rehypnotize
rehypnotized
reykjavik
reimbody
reinject
reinjure
reinjury
reyoke
reitboks
rejail
rejang
reject
rejeopardize
rejeopardized
rejerk
rejig
rejigger
rejoice
rejoiced
rejoin
rejolt
rejudge
rejudged
rejudges
rejudgment
rejumble
rejuvenize
rejuvenized
remijia
reobject
reoxidise
reoxidize
reoxidized
reoxidizing
reoxygenate
reoxygenize
repkie
reqd
resojet
retzian
revue
rewaxed
rewaxing
rewoke
rexes
rfb
rfs
rfz
rh
rhabdium
rhabdoid
rhabdology
rhabdom
rhabdomal
rhabdome
rhabdomyoma
rhabdoms
rhabdophane
rhabdophobia
rhabdophora
rhabdopod
rhabdos
rhabdosophy
rhabdus
rhapsody
rhapsodic
rhapsodism
rhapsodize
rhapsodized
rhapsodizes
rhapsodizing
rhb
rhd
rhebok
rheboks
rheum
rheumy
rheumic
rhexia
rhexis
rhibia
rhyme
rhymed
rhymer
rhymery
rhymes
rhymy
rhymic
rhyming
rhymist
rhynchodont
rhynchops
rhynchota
rhynia
rhynsburger
rhyotaxitic
rhypography
rhyptic
rhyssa
rhythm
rhythmic
rhythmicize
rhythmics
rhythmizable
rhythmization
rhythmize
rhythmopoeia
rhythms
rhythmus
rhizina
rhizine
rhizobia
rhizobium
rhizocarp
rhizocaul
rhizocephala
rhizocephalid
rhizocorm
rhizodus
rhizogen
rhizogenic
rhizoid
rhizoidal
rhizoids
rhizoma
rhizomata
rhizomatous
rhizome
rhizomes
rhizomic
rhizomorph
rhizomorphoid
rhizophagous
rhizophilous
rhizophyte
rhizophora
rhizophore
rhizopi
rhizoplane
rhizoplast
rhizopod
rhizopoda
rhizopodal
rhizopodan
rhizopodist
rhizopodous
rhizopods
rhizopogon
rhizopus
rhizopuses
rhizosphere
rhizota
rhizotaxy
rhizotaxis
rhizote
rhizotic
rhizotomi
rhizotomy
rhizotomies
rhodizite
rhodizonic
rhodocystis
rhodocyte
rhododaphne
rhodope
rhodophyceae
rhodophyceous
rhodophyll
rhodophyta
rhodotypos
rhoeo
rhombi
rhombic
rhomboid
rhomboids
rhombozoa
rhubarb
rhubarby
rhubarbs
rhumb
rhumba
rhumbas
rhumbs
rhus
ribazuba
ribhus
riboza
ribozo
ribozos
ribzuba
ridgy
rigwiddy
rigwoodie
rijksdaalder
rijksdaaler
ryke
ryked
rykes
ryme
rynd
rynds
ryokan
ripgut
ripoffs
rypophobia
riskful
risqu
risque
risquee
ritz
ritzes
ritzy
ritzier
ritzily
ryukyu
rix
rixatrix
rixdaler
rixy
riziform
rizzar
rizzer
rizzle
rizzom
rizzomed
rly
rm
rms
roadbook
roads
roadway
roadways
robhah
rockfoil
rockweed
rockwood
rojak
roky
romyko
rooibok
rooky
rooks
rookus
ropy
roque
roquet
rorqual
rouky
roux
rowdydow
rowdydowdy
rowdyishly
rowdyism
rowdyisms
rowy
rox
roxana
roxane
roxanne
roxburgh
roxburghe
roxbury
roxy
roxie
rozum
rozzer
rozzers
rpm
rps
rpt
rrhiza
rsvp
rtw
rubaiyat
rubby
rubbio
rubefy
ruby
rubify
rubying
rubywise
ruchbah
ruddy
ruddyish
rudds
rudy
rudmasday
rugby
ruggy
rukbat
rukh
rumb
rumbas
rumbly
rumbo
rumbooze
rumdum
rumex
rumgumption
rumkin
rummy
rumpad
rumpy
rumps
rumswizzle
rumtytoo
runby
rupa
rushbush
rushy
rusky
ruswut
ruthful
rux
rwd
rwy
sa
saa
saad
sabakha
sabazian
sabazios
sabbatize
sabby
sabs
sabuja
sabzi
sacque
sacques
sad
sadachbia
sadaqat
saddhu
saddhus
saddik
sadducism
sadducize
sadh
sadhaka
sadhika
sadhu
sadhus
sadly
sado
safavi
safawid
safi
sagbut
sagbuts
saggy
sagy
sago
sagos
sags
sagwire
sahoukar
sahukar
saify
sayid
sayids
saiyid
sayyid
saiyids
sayyids
saj
sajou
sajous
sak
saka
sakai
sakha
saki
sakyamuni
sakiyeh
sakis
sakkara
sakkoi
sakkos
sakti
sakulya
salvy
sambaqui
sambaquis
sambas
sambhogakaya
sambhur
sambhurs
sambouk
sambuk
sambuke
sambukes
samfoo
samgha
samizdat
samkhya
samps
samvat
sandhya
sandsoaps
sanyakoan
sanjay
sanjak
sanjakate
sanjakbeg
sanjaks
sanjakship
sanjeev
sanjib
sankha
sankhya
sanzen
sao
saoshyant
sap
sapa
sapajou
sapajous
sapan
sapbush
sapful
sapiao
sapid
sapo
sapor
sapotoxin
sapour
sappy
saprozoic
saprozoon
saps
sapsago
sapsagos
sapsap
sapskull
sapwood
sapwoods
sapwort
saqib
sarcogyps
sarkful
sarzan
sasa
sasanqua
sassafac
sassagum
sassak
sassywood
satd
sauba
saucy
sauf
saumya
sauve
savagize
savoy
savoys
savvy
savvying
sawbuck
sawbucks
sawbwa
sawdusty
sawfly
sawman
sawpit
sax
saxaul
saxboard
saxe
saxhorn
saxhorns
saxifrax
saxish
saxitoxin
saxon
saxondom
saxony
saxonic
saxonization
saxonize
saxonly
saxons
saxtie
saxtuba
saxtubas
sazen
sb
sc
scabiophobia
scabiosa
scabiosas
scads
scaffy
scag
scags
scaphopoda
scapoid
scarfpin
scaw
scawd
scazon
sceuophylax
scf
scfh
scfm
sch
schapska
schemozzle
scherzos
scherzoso
scheuchzeria
schynbald
schiz
schizaea
schizaxon
schizy
schizo
schizocarp
schizochroal
schizocyte
schizocytosis
schizocoele
schizogamy
schizogony
schizoid
schizoidism
schizoids
schizolite
schizomycete
schizomycetes
schizomycetic
schizomycetous
schizomycosis
schizont
schizonts
schizophasia
schizophyceae
schizophyceous
schizophyllum
schizophyta
schizophyte
schizophytic
schizophragma
schizopod
schizopoda
schizopodal
schizopodous
schizos
schizospore
schizothyme
schizothymia
schizothymic
schizotrypanum
schiztic
schizzo
schlimazel
schlimazl
schlump
schmaltz
schmaltzes
schmaltzy
schmaltzier
schmaltziest
schmalz
schmalzes
schmalzy
schmalzier
schmelz
schmelze
schmelzes
schmitz
schmo
schmoe
schmooze
schmoozed
schmoozes
schmoozing
schnapps
schnauzer
schnauzers
schnitzel
schnook
schnooks
schnoz
schnozzle
schnozzola
schomburgkia
schuhe
schuit
schuyt
schul
schule
schuln
schultz
schultze
schwa
schwanpan
schwarz
schwarzian
schwas
schweizer
schweizerkase
sciapod
scye
scyld
sciophobia
scypha
scyphae
scyphi
scyphiform
scyphoi
scyphopolyp
scyphozoa
scyphozoan
scyphula
scyphulus
scyphus
scypphi
scyt
scyth
scythe
scythize
scivvy
scobby
scodgy
scoff
scoffs
scog
scogie
scomfit
scoopful
scoopfuls
scoops
scoopsful
scop
scopa
scope
scopic
scopiformly
scops
scoptophobia
scorza
scovy
scow
scowbank
scowl
scowman
scowmen
scows
scr
scrapbook
scrapbooks
screwpod
scrfchar
scrubgrass
scrubwood
scruffy
scrumpy
scruze
sctd
scuba
scubas
scud
scuddawn
scuddy
scudi
scuds
scuff
scuffy
scuffly
scuffs
scuft
scug
scumfish
scummy
scungy
scupful
scuppaug
scuppaugs
scurfy
scurvy
scurvyweed
scuz
scuzzy
sd
sdlc
sds
sdump
seafoods
seaquake
sebkha
sebundy
secy
secque
sedjadeh
sefekhet
seiyukai
seize
seizer
seizor
seizors
seizure
sejant
sejeant
sejero
sejoin
sejour
sejugate
sejugous
sejunct
sejunctly
sekhwan
selfhoods
seljuk
seljukian
seltzer
seltzers
selzogene
semibejan
semiluxury
semioxidized
semioxygenized
senijextee
sepg
seppuku
seppukus
seq
seqed
seqence
seqfchk
seqq
seqrch
sequoia
sequoias
seqwl
serfhood
serfhoods
serozyme
sesqui
sesquih
sesquioxide
sesquisquare
setpfx
sevum
sexed
sexfid
sexfoil
sexhood
sexy
sexier
sexism
sexisms
sexly
sexology
sexologic
sexpot
sextic
sextiply
sexto
sextos
sexts
sextuply
sextur
sextus
sexual
sexupara
sf
sfm
sfogato
sforzando
sforzato
sfz
sg
sgd
shabby
shabbify
shabbyish
shadfly
shadkan
shadowbox
shadowboxed
shadowboxes
shadowboxing
shafty
shagbag
shagbark
shagbarks
shagbush
shaggy
shahzada
shahzadah
shahzadi
shaykh
shaka
shakha
shaky
shako
shakoes
shakos
shaku
shakudo
shandygaff
shapka
shauwe
shawfowl
shawms
shazam
sheikhdom
sheikhly
shemozzle
shfsep
shh
shy
shyam
shydepoke
shyish
shikimi
shikimic
shikimotoxin
shiksas
shyly
shipboy
shipful
shypoo
shipway
shipways
shipworms
shipwrecky
shivy
shivvy
shivzoku
shizoku
shkotzim
shlemozzle
shlimazl
shlu
shluh
shmaltz
shmaltzy
shmaltzier
shmaltziest
shmo
shnaps
shoddy
shoddydom
shoddyism
shohji
shohjis
shoya
shoyu
shoji
shojis
shojo
shooks
shopboy
shopboys
shopbook
shopfolk
shopful
shopfuls
shopkeep
shoppy
shopwife
shoq
shp
shpt
shrub
shrubbed
shrubby
shrubs
shrubwood
shruff
shrug
shrugs
shrups
shtokavski
shu
shuba
shuckpen
shuff
shufty
shuggy
shukria
shukulumbwe
shul
shuln
shuls
shulwar
shulwaurs
shunpike
shunpiked
shunpiker
shunpikers
shunpikes
shure
shurf
shush
shuswap
shutoku
shuvra
shwa
shwanpan
shwebo
sybow
syce
sycee
syces
sicyos
sycon
sycophantize
syd
siddhi
syddir
sifaka
syftn
sigmoidopexy
sigmoidoscopy
sigmund
sijill
syke
sykes
sikh
sikhs
silkweed
silkwood
syllogize
syllogized
syllogizer
sylph
sylphy
sylphic
sylphid
sylphids
sylphize
sylphlike
sylphon
sylphs
sylva
sylvan
sylvanry
sylvans
sylvas
sylvic
sylviid
sym
symbion
symbiot
simkin
symphyla
symphysy
symphysic
symphysion
symphysis
symphysodactylia
symphysotomy
symphyta
symphytize
symphytum
sympode
sympodia
sympodium
symptomize
sympus
syn
synaptychus
synaxar
synaxary
synaxaria
synaxarium
synaxaxaria
synaxis
sync
synch
synchysis
synchro
synchs
syncytia
syncytioma
syncytiomas
syncopal
syncopate
syncope
syncopes
syncopic
syncopism
syncopize
syncrypta
syncryptic
syncs
synd
synfuel
syngamy
sinjer
sinkbox
synoeky
synonymy
synonymic
synonymics
synonymize
synonymized
synonymizing
synonyms
synop
synopsy
synopsize
synopsized
synrhabdosome
synura
sinzer
syph
syphiliphobia
syphilize
syphilogeny
syphilophobe
syphilophobia
syphilophobic
sipibo
sippy
syr
syrma
syrphid
syrphids
syrphus
syrt
syrup
syrupy
syrups
syrus
sisyphus
sitz
sitzbath
sitzkrieg
sitzmark
sitzmarks
syud
syun
six
sixain
sixer
sixfoil
sixfold
sixfolds
sixgun
sixhynde
sixing
sixish
sixmo
sixmos
sixte
sixth
sixthly
sixths
sixty
sixtyfold
sixtypenny
sixtus
sizably
sizar
sizars
size
sizer
sizers
sizy
sizier
syzygal
syzygetic
syzygy
sizygia
syzygia
syzygial
syzygies
sizygium
syzygium
sizz
sizzard
sizzle
sizzled
sizzler
sizzlers
sizzles
sizzling
sizzlingly
sjaak
sjambok
sjomil
sjouke
sk
skaamoog
skaddle
skaff
skaffie
skag
skags
skal
skald
skaldic
skalds
skaldship
skatoxyl
skaw
skeezicks
skeezix
skef
skeg
skegs
skey
skelvy
skemp
skepful
skepfuls
skeppund
skeptophylaxia
skeptophylaxis
sketchbook
skew
skewback
skewbacks
skewbald
skewbalds
skewed
skewy
skewl
skewly
skews
skewwhiff
ski
sky
skiapod
skiapodous
skiascopy
skybal
skybald
skibby
skibob
skibobs
skycap
skycaps
skycraft
skid
skiddy
skiddycock
skiddoo
skiddooed
skiddoos
skidi
skydive
skydived
skydiver
skydives
skidoo
skidooed
skidoos
skydove
skidpan
skids
skidway
skidways
skye
skyed
skiey
skyey
skiff
skiffs
skift
skyfte
skyful
skyhook
skyhooks
skyhoot
skyish
skyjack
skyjacked
skyjacker
skyjackers
skyjacking
skyjacks
skijore
skijorer
skylarks
skylike
skylook
skim
skyman
skime
skymen
skimo
skimp
skimpy
skimps
skims
skip
skipbrain
skyphoi
skyphos
skypipe
skipjack
skipjackly
skipjacks
skyport
skippy
skippund
skips
skipway
skyre
skys
skyte
skyugle
skiv
skive
skivy
skivvy
skyway
skywave
skiwy
skiwies
skywrite
skoal
skoals
skodaic
skogbolite
skokiaan
skokomish
skol
skoo
skookum
skoot
skoptsy
skout
skouth
skua
skuas
skulk
skulker
skulks
skulp
skun
skunk
skunkbill
skunkbush
skunkdom
skunkhead
skunky
skunks
skunktop
skunkweed
skurry
skuse
slangkop
slapdab
slapdash
slapjack
slapjacks
sleezy
slipbody
slype
slipway
slipways
slogs
slogwood
sloyds
slojd
slojds
sloka
sloke
slopdash
sloppy
slopworks
slovak
slovaks
slowpoke
slowpokes
slubby
slubs
sludgy
slug
slugfest
sluggy
slugs
slugwood
slumgum
slumgums
slungbody
slurbs
sm
smaze
smazes
smectymnuan
smectymnuus
smew
smews
smickly
smiddy
smiddum
smift
smirky
smirkly
smyrna
sml
smog
smoggy
smogs
smoke
smokebox
smokebush
smokeho
smokey
smokejack
smokejumper
smokewood
smoky
smoko
smokos
smorzato
smrgs
smudge
smudged
smudgy
smudgily
smug
smuggle
smuggled
smuggler
smuggles
smugly
smurks
snagbush
snaky
snapbag
snapjack
snapwood
snazzy
snazzier
sneezeweed
sneezewood
sny
snipjack
snookums
snooze
snoozy
snoozier
snoozle
snoozled
snoozles
snozzle
snub
snubbed
snubby
snubs
snuffbox
snuffboxer
snuffboxes
snuffy
snuffkin
snuzzle
soak
soakage
soakages
soakaway
soaked
soaken
soaker
soakers
soaky
soakman
soaks
soam
soap
soapbark
soapbarks
soapberry
soapbox
soapboxer
soapboxes
soapbubbly
soapbush
soapfish
soapfishes
soapi
soapy
soapily
soaps
soapsud
soapsuddy
soapsuds
soapsudsy
soapweed
soapwood
soapworks
soapwort
soapworts
soave
sobful
sobranje
sod
soda
sodas
soddy
sody
sodic
sodio
sodiohydric
sodoku
sodomy
sodomize
sods
sofa
sofar
sofas
sofkee
sofoklis
softy
softsoap
softwoods
sog
soga
soggy
soyot
soys
soja
sojas
sojourn
sojourns
sok
soka
soke
soko
sokoki
sokulk
solfge
soliloquize
soliloquized
soliloquizer
soliloquizes
solmizate
solvolyze
solvolyzed
solvolyzing
solvus
somniloquize
songbag
songbook
songbooks
songful
songkok
sonja
sonovoxes
soojee
sook
sooke
sooky
sookie
sop
soph
sophy
sophs
soppy
sops
sosquil
soudgy
souk
soupfin
soupy
sourjack
sov
sovkhos
sovkhose
sovkhoz
sovkhozes
sovkhozy
sowcar
sowf
sox
soxhlet
sozin
sozine
sozins
sozly
sozolic
sozzle
sozzled
sozzly
sp
spa
spaad
spacy
spad
spadassin
spaddle
spade
spadish
spadix
spadixes
spado
spadone
spaebook
spaetzle
spag
spagyric
spagyrics
spagyrist
spay
spayad
spays
spak
spake
spalax
spam
spanky
spanks
sparaxis
sparkle
sparkly
sparkplug
sparkplugged
spas
spasm
spasmic
spasmotoxin
spasmotoxine
spasms
spasmus
spass
spat
spatzle
spave
spavie
spavit
spawl
spawler
spawn
spawny
spawns
spekboom
speltzes
spewed
spewy
spewier
sphex
sphexide
sphygmia
sphygmic
sphygmodic
sphygmogram
sphygmograph
sphygmography
sphygmographic
sphygmographies
sphygmoid
sphygmology
sphygmophone
sphygmophonic
sphygmoscope
sphygmus
sphygmuses
sphinxian
sphyrna
spy
spyboat
spicy
spydom
spif
spyfault
spiff
spiffy
spiggoty
spyglass
spigot
spyism
spik
spike
spikeweed
spiky
spiks
spinozism
spyros
spyship
spitbox
spitkid
spitkit
spitz
spitzenburg
spitzer
spitzes
spitzflute
spitzkop
spiv
spivs
spivvy
spizella
spl
splodgy
sploshy
splurgy
spoach
spock
spode
spodium
spoffy
spogel
spokan
spokane
spoke
spoked
spoken
spokes
spokewise
spoky
spondylodymus
spongy
spongiozoa
spongiozoon
spoof
spoofs
spook
spookdom
spooked
spookery
spooky
spookier
spookies
spookily
spookish
spookism
spookist
spookology
spooks
sporozoa
sporozoal
sporozoan
sporozoic
sporozoid
sporozoite
sporozooid
sporozoon
sposh
sposhy
spousy
spouty
spp
sprachgefuhl
sprayful
sprezzatura
spry
spryly
springwurzel
spritzer
sprucy
spruik
sprusado
sps
spt
spud
spudboy
spuddy
spuds
spug
spuggy
spuilyie
spuilzie
spuke
spulyie
spulzie
spumy
spun
spung
spunyarn
spunk
spunky
spunks
spunny
spurl
spurway
sq
sqd
sqq
sqrt
squab
squabash
squabbed
squabby
squabbier
squabbish
squabble
squabbly
squabs
squad
squaddy
squads
squam
squamy
squamify
squamosa
squamosozygomatic
squamozygomatic
squary
squark
squaw
squawberry
squawbush
squawdom
squawfish
squawk
squawked
squawker
squawkers
squawky
squawkie
squawkier
squawkiest
squawking
squawkingly
squawks
squawl
squawler
squawmish
squaws
squawweed
squaxon
squdge
squdgy
squeaky
squeakyish
squeezably
squeeze
squeezed
squeezeman
squeezer
squeezers
squeezes
squeezy
squeg
squegs
squet
squib
squibbed
squibs
squid
squidge
squidgy
squids
squiffy
squiggle
squiggly
squirk
squishy
squiz
squoze
squshy
squush
squushy
sravaka
ssp
stadda
stagbush
staypak
stanjen
starquake
staxis
stbd
std
stddmp
stegomyia
stg
styca
stickjaw
styful
styfziekte
stygiophobia
styx
styxian
stizolobium
stk
stlg
stm
stockjobber
stockjobbing
stodgy
stogy
stokavci
stokavski
stokvis
stolzite
stomoxys
stopgap
stopgaps
stopway
storybooks
stowps
strych
strychnize
strychnol
studbook
studbooks
studdy
stuffage
stuffgownsman
stuffy
stuggy
suavify
suba
subadjacent
subadjutor
subadult
subah
subahs
subakhmimic
subaqua
subaqual
subaqueous
subas
subaud
subaudibly
subaxial
subaxially
subaxile
subch
subcycle
subcycles
subclaviojugular
subclique
subcoat
subconvex
subcubic
subcuboid
subcuboidal
subdeb
subdebs
subdeputy
subdiapason
subdie
subdit
subdue
subdwarf
subepoch
subepochs
subface
subfeu
subfief
subfix
subfixes
subflavor
subflavour
subflexuose
subflexuous
subflexuously
subflush
subfocal
subfusc
subfusk
subg
subgape
subgyre
subgyri
subgyrus
subgit
subgloboid
subgoal
subgoals
subgod
subgraph
subgular
subgum
subgwely
subhyoid
subhyoidean
subhooked
subhorizontal
subhumid
subiya
subjacency
subjack
subjee
subjicible
subjoin
subjudge
subjugable
subjugal
subjugate
subjugular
subjunct
subluxate
subnex
subnude
subnumber
subnuvolar
subopaque
subopaquely
suboxid
suboxide
subpagoda
subpar
subpass
subpassage
subphyla
subphylar
subphylla
subphylum
subpimp
subplexal
subpodophyllous
subpool
subpost
subproject
subqueues
subrhombic
subrhomboid
subshrub
subshrubby
subshrubs
subtaxer
subtype
subvassal
subvein
subvenize
subvii
subvola
subworkmen
subzero
subzygomatic
subzonal
subzonary
subzone
subzones
suddy
sudds
sudsy
suey
suez
suffixal
suffixer
suffixing
suffixion
Life, the most complex form of organic compounds on Earth, requires the construction of chemical bonds in an aqueous environment. Following nature's lead, we should think of water as a versatile solvent for organic chemistry. Since it was reported that Diels–Alder reactions could be greatly accelerated by using water as a solvent instead of organic solvents,1 there has been considerable attention directed toward the development of organic reactions in water. Besides Diels–Alder reactions, other examples cover almost all of the most useful organic reactions, even reactions involving water-sensitive compounds.2 It is obvious that water is the most inexpensive and environmentally benign solvent. In many cases, due to hydrophobic effects, using water as a solvent not only accelerates reaction rates but also enhances reaction selectivities, even when the reactants are sparingly soluble or insoluble in this medium. Furthermore, the low solubility of oxygen gas in water, an important property in the early development of life in an anaerobic environment, can facilitate air-sensitive transition-metal catalysis in open air. The use of water as a solvent also implies the elimination of tedious protection–deprotection processes for certain acidic-hydrogen-containing functional groups, which contributes to the overall synthetic efficiency. Water soluble compounds such as carbohydrates, can be used directly without the need for laborious derivatization and water-soluble catalysts can be re-used after separation from water-insoluble organic products. Aqueous organic chemistry is also essential for the emerging field of chemical biology which uses chemical tools to study biological systems. Although aqueous organic chemistry has broad applications and a bright future, current organic chemistry textbooks do not touch on this subject. In order to compensate for this omission in organic chemistry textbooks, this introductory review will provide non-specialists with some insight into this field.
Pericyclic reactions are important processes in organic synthesis for constructing cyclic structures and for controlling stereochemistry. Since Breslow's discovery that Diels–Alder reactions proceed faster (as high as 700-fold) and have a higher endo/exo selectivity in water than in organic solvents, extensive experimental and theoretical studies have been carried out on this topic. The small size and high polarity of a water molecule, as well as a three-dimensional hydrogen bonded network system of bulk water, provide some unique properties which include a large cohesive energy density, a high surface tension, and a hydrophobic effect. These unique properties are believed to be responsible for the rate and selectivity enhancements of pericyclic reactions and the “on-water” effect. The hydrogen bonding between water and organic molecules is also believed to play an important role in the rate accelerations of some organic reactions in water.
It is worth mentioning that, in many cases, both water-soluble and water-insoluble reactants can be accelerated in water and, sometimes, larger rate increases are found with water-insoluble substrates (denoted by Sharpless and co-workers as the “on-water effect”).3 For instance, the Diels–Alder reaction (Scheme 1) of the water-insoluble trans, trans-2,4-hexadienyl acetate (1) and N-propylmaleimide (2) showed substantial rate acceleration in aqueous suspension over homogeneous solution. The reaction rate is faster in a protic solvent such as methanol than in nonprotic solvents such as acetonitrile and toluene.3 It suggests that hydrogen bonding and hydrophobic effects may both be important for the observed rate acceleration.
Beside Diels–Alder cycloadditions and Claisen rearrangements, other pericyclic reactions also show rate enhancements in water. For instance, 2σ + 2σ + 2π cycloaddition (Scheme 3) of quadricyclane (6) with azodicarboxylates (7) at room temperature occurs much faster by using water as a solvent than organic solvents.3 The unusual reactivity described here is possibly due to the greater impact of the hydrophobic effect on the ground state than the transition state.
Dehydration is a very common reaction in organic chemistry. It is difficult to carry out in water because water molecules generated during the reaction must be removed to shift equilibrium toward the side of the dehydrated product. With a surfactant-type acid catalyst, dehydration has been successfully developed in water. Emulsion droplets are formed in water in the presence of a surfactant-type catalyst and organic substrates. The emulsion droplets have a hydrophobic interior which would concentrate acid catalysts onto the surface of droplets and enhance the reaction rate toward the side of the dehydrated product. On the other hand, water molecules generated during the reaction are removed from droplets due to the hydrophobic nature of their interior, which shift the equilibrium toward the desired side (Scheme 15).
The rate accelerations of pericyclic reactions in aqueous solution have been applied to the total synthesis of a variety of biologically active compounds. Total synthesis of gambogin (14), a biologically active compound against the Hela and HEL cell lines, includes two key steps of a Claisen rearrangement and a Claisen/Diels–Alder cascade reaction (Scheme 4). The Claisen/Diels–Alder cascade reaction from 10 to 11 showed dramatic rate accelerations in aqueous solutions (Table 1). The great rate enhancement of Claisen rearrangement from 12 to 13 is also observed in aqueous solutions (Table 2).4
arious experiments indicate that the hydrogen-bonding contributes, to a certain degree, to the rate enhancements of pericyclic reactions in water as well as the hydrophobic effect.5 For example, the rate of the cycloaddition reactions of pyridazinium-dicyanomethanide 1,3-dipole (15) with the dipolarophile ethyl vinyl ketone (16) is enhanced by gradually increasing the mole fraction of water in the organic solvents (from 0 to 1) of acetonitrile, acetone, methanol, ethanol, and tert-butyl alcohol at 37 °C (Scheme 5). In each case, exponential rate enhancements are triggered as the mole fraction of water surpasses ca. 0.9. When methanol replaces water, no triggering effect is observed. These results suggest that hydrogen-bonding and hydrophobic effects dominate the rate enhancements. The theoretical calculation of the transition state structure strongly supports this conclusion.5
Beside the rate enhancement, the enhancement of endo/exo selectivity of aqueous reactions is observed not only in non-catalyzed Diels–Alder reactions but also in Lewis acid catalyzed-reactions. For instance, compared to organic solvents, the enantioselectivity of copper-catalyzed Diels–Alder reaction of 3-phenyl-1-(2-pyridyl)-2-propen-1-one (18) with cyclopentadiene (19) is greatly enhanced by the use of water as the solvent (Scheme 6).6
The use of late transition metals for catalyzing reactions is of growing importance in modern organic chemistry.23 Conventionally, organometallic chemistry and transition-metal catalysis are carried out under an inert gas atmosphere and the exclusion of moisture has been essential.24 The reason could be that water as a ligand often occupies metals' coordination sites. On the other hand, metal–carbon bonds are easily attacked by water either via proton transfer (electrophilic reaction) or via the oxygen (nucleophilic reaction). However, recent studies have shown that in water such catalyses are both facilitated and can be operated in open air.25
Hydration of nitriles 79 to generate the corresponding amides 80 has wide application, such as as intermediates for organic synthesis and as raw materials for plastics, detergents and lubricants etc. Hydration of nitriles traditionally is carried out with acids or bases such as H2SO4 and NaOH. However, many functional groups such as carbon–carbon double bonds cannot survive this process. In addition, hydrolysis of amide products usually occurs to produce carboxylic acid by-products, especially in acidic conditions. Carefully controlled conditions with one equivalent of water with respect to starting material nitriles are necessary for the traditional hydration of nitriles to amides. However, with the easily prepared, inexpensive, and supported ruthenium hydroxide catalyst Ru(OH)x/Al2O3, the hydration of various nitriles gives quantitatively the corresponding amide products in water.26 Various functional groups such as carbon–carbon double bonds tolerate this hydration process. For example, the hydration of acrylonitrile (81), which is important for industry, provides acrylamide (82) quantitatively (Scheme 24). No side reactions, such as hydration of carbon–carbon double bonds and polymerization of acrylonitriles, occur. The water solvent also provides a way to recycle the transition metal catalyst. The Ru(OH)x/Al2O3 catalyst is easily separated from the reaction mixture by filtration. After separation of the catalyst, the catalyst can be reused at least twice with no considerable loss of activity.
Boron compounds have also been developed as catalysts for the reaction of carbocation equivalents in water. In the presence of a catalytic amount of a boron source, SDS and benzoic acid, the reaction of benzaldehyde (44) with silyl enol ether (45) gives a highly diastereoselective aldol adduct (46) in water at ambient temperature (Scheme 14).16 In contrast, traditional boron aldol reactions are performed at a lower temperature and need strictly anhydrous conditions. It is important to note that the use of water as a solvent is essential in this reaction. Almost no corresponding products are obtained in organic solvents, such as ethyl ether and dichloromethane, and a very low yield of product is obtained under the neat condition (Scheme 14).
In agreement with experiments, density functional theory studies show that the computed endo preference is enhanced to 2.4 kcal mol−1 in an aqueous solution. The endo/exo selectivity partly arises from hydrogen bonding, and partly from the bulk-phase effects, which includes enforced hydrophobic interactions and anti-hydrophobic co-solvent effects.7
In organic reactions, carbocations are often initiated by the coordination/reaction of protonic and Lewis acids. A variety of Lewis and protonic acids-catalyzed reactions of carbocation equivalent have been developed and many have been applied in industry. However, these reactions generally are moisture sensitive and even a small amount of water stops the reactions because most acids react with water instead of the substrates. Recently, various kinds of protonic and various Lewis acids have been found to retain catalytic activities in aqueous media. Particularly, many of them are not only compatible with water, but also activated by water. Rare earth metal salts such as Sc(OTf)3 and Yb(OTf)3 can be used for aqueous organic reactions. For example, Yb(OTf)3 is found to be highly effective for catalyzing the Mukaiyama aldol reaction of benzaldehyde (34) with silyl enol ether 35 in aqueous solution which is much less effective in dry organic solvents (Scheme 11).15 The enhancement of the reaction rate by water is very likely due to the change of the acid catalyst's structure and activity caused by water, or to the regeneration of the active catalyst from the corresponding intermediate which is faster in water than in dry organic solvents.
Most catalytic asymmetric reactions of carbocation are conducted at low reaction temperatures (e.g., −78 °C) in aprotic anhydrous solvents such as dry toluene, dichloromethane, and propionitrile. Recently, Cu(II) together with a chiral ligand has been found to be effective for asymmetric aldol reactions in an aqueous solution. In the presence of a catalytic amount of Cu(OTf)2 and bis(oxazoline) ligand 37, the reaction of benzaldehyde (38) with silyl enol ether 39 furnishes the desired aldol product 40 in a high yield with good enantioselectivity (Scheme 12). In contrast, dry organic solvents such as dry ethanol and dry dichloromethane, give much lower yields and selectivities.15 The possible reason for the higher enantioselectivity in water is that water rapidly hydrolyzes the silyl cation equivalent, which is generated during the aldol reactions and is responsible for the decrease of enantioselectivity by catalyzing aldol reactions to give racemic products.
3. Reactions of carbanion equivalent
Photosynthesis is a process used by plants and other organisms to convert light energy into chemical energy that, through cellular respiration, can later be released to fuel the organism's activities. Some of this chemical energy is stored in carbohydrate molecules, such as sugars and starches, which are synthesized from carbon dioxide and water – hence the name photosynthesis, from the Greek phōs (φῶς), "light", and synthesis (σύνθεσις), "putting together".[1][2][3] Most plants, algae, and cyanobacteria perform photosynthesis; such organisms are called photoautotrophs. Photosynthesis is largely responsible for producing and maintaining the oxygen content of the Earth's atmosphere, and supplies most of the energy necessary for life on Earth.[4]

Although photosynthesis is performed differently by different species, the process always begins when energy from light is absorbed by proteins called reaction centers that contain green chlorophyll (and other colored) pigments/chromophores. In plants, these proteins are held inside organelles called chloroplasts, which are most abundant in leaf cells, while in bacteria they are embedded in the plasma membrane. In these light-dependent reactions, some energy is used to strip electrons from suitable substances, such as water, producing oxygen gas. The hydrogen freed by the splitting of water is used in the creation of two further compounds that serve as short-term stores of energy, enabling its transfer to drive other reactions: these compounds are reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate (NADPH) and adenosine triphosphate (ATP), the "energy currency" of cells.

In plants, algae and cyanobacteria, sugars are synthesized by a subsequent sequence of light-independent reactions called the Calvin cycle. In the Calvin cycle, atmospheric carbon dioxide is incorporated into already existing organic carbon compounds, such as ribulose bisphosphate (RuBP).[5] Using the ATP and NADPH produced by the light-dependent reactions, the resulting compounds are then reduced and removed to form further carbohydrates, such as glucose. In other bacteria, different mechanisms such as the reverse Krebs cycle are used to achieve the same end.

The first photosynthetic organisms probably evolved early in the evolutionary history of life and most likely used reducing agents such as hydrogen or hydrogen sulfide, rather than water, as sources of electrons.[6] Cyanobacteria appeared later; the excess oxygen they produced contributed directly to the oxygenation of the Earth,[7] which rendered the evolution of complex life possible. Today, the average rate of energy capture by photosynthesis globally is approximately 130 terawatts,[8][9][10] which is about eight times the current power consumption of human civilization.[11] Photosynthetic organisms also convert around 100–115 billion tons (91–104 Pg petagrams, or billion metric tons), of carbon into biomass per year.[12][13] That plants receive some energy from light – in addition to air, soil, and water – was first discovered in 1779 by Jan Ingenhousz.

Photosynthesis is vital for climate processes, as it captures carbon dioxide from the air and then binds carbon in plants and further in soils and harvested products. Cereals alone are estimated to bind 3,825 Tg (teragrams) or 3.825 Pg (petagrams) of carbon dioxide every year, i.e. 3.825 billion metric tons.[14]
In photosynthetic bacteria, the proteins that gather light for photosynthesis are embedded in cell membranes. In its simplest form, this involves the membrane surrounding the cell itself.[21] However, the membrane may be tightly folded into cylindrical sheets called thylakoids,[22] or bunched up into round vesicles called intracytoplasmic membranes.[23] These structures can fill most of the interior of a cell, giving the membrane a very large surface area and therefore increasing the amount of light that the bacteria can absorb.[22]

In plants and algae, photosynthesis takes place in organelles called chloroplasts. A typical plant cell contains about 10 to 100 chloroplasts. The chloroplast is enclosed by a membrane. This membrane is composed of a phospholipid inner membrane, a phospholipid outer membrane, and an intermembrane space. Enclosed by the membrane is an aqueous fluid called the stroma. Embedded within the stroma are stacks of thylakoids (grana), which are the site of photosynthesis. The thylakoids appear as flattened disks. The thylakoid itself is enclosed by the thylakoid membrane, and within the enclosed volume is a lumen or thylakoid space. Embedded in the thylakoid membrane are integral and peripheral membrane protein complexes of the photosynthetic system.

Plants absorb light primarily using the pigment chlorophyll. The green part of the light spectrum is not absorbed but is reflected which is the reason that most plants have a green color. Besides chlorophyll, plants also use pigments such as carotenes and xanthophylls.[24] Algae also use chlorophyll, but various other pigments are present, such as phycocyanin, carotenes, and xanthophylls in green algae, phycoerythrin in red algae (rhodophytes) and fucoxanthin in brown algae and diatoms resulting in a wide variety of colors.

These pigments are embedded in plants and algae in complexes called antenna proteins. In such proteins, the pigments are arranged to work together. Such a combination of proteins is also called a light-harvesting complex.[25]

Although all cells in the green parts of a plant have chloroplasts, the majority of those are found in specially adapted structures called leaves. Certain species adapted to conditions of strong sunlight and aridity, such as many Euphorbia and cactus species, have their main photosynthetic organs in their stems. The cells in the interior tissues of a leaf, called the mesophyll, can contain between 450,000 and 800,000 chloroplasts for every square millimeter of leaf. The surface of the leaf is coated with a water-resistant waxy cuticle that protects the leaf from excessive evaporation of water and decreases the absorption of ultraviolet or blue light to minimize heating. The transparent epidermis layer allows light to pass through to the palisade mesophyll cells where most of the photosynthesis takes place.

Overview

You whispered out my name
Woke me back up gain
What are these things I see
Through the slots on my skin
Deeper
I'm sinking into the slot, the slot at my feet
Pulling me in
Colours
They make my vision insane
My vision is insane
I'm not the same
Red, blue, and green
They run down my veins, the veins in my brains
Dying me deep
You said that blue is life, and you said
You said that red is love
You said that red is love
It is only the first time we meet
But it feels like I've always been with you
A sense of deja vu
And you said that white is truth
Saturate
Vermillion
Cyan
Ebony
Burgundy
Silver machinery
Starring back at me
Why are my organs trying to escape this broken cage
Then I learned that this pounding can't be love
That it can't be love
That it can't be
Photosynthesis changes sunlight into chemical energy, splits water to liberate O2, and fixes CO2 into sugar.
Most photosynthetic organisms are photoautotrophs, which means that they are able to synthesize food directly from carbon dioxide and water using energy from light. However, not all organisms use carbon dioxide as a source of carbon atoms to carry out photosynthesis; photoheterotrophs use organic compounds, rather than carbon dioxide, as a source of carbon.[4] In plants, algae, and cyanobacteria, photosynthesis releases oxygen. This oxygenic photosynthesis is by far the most common type of photosynthesis used by living organisms. Although there are some differences between oxygenic photosynthesis in plants, algae, and cyanobacteria, the overall process is quite similar in these organisms. There are also many varieties of anoxygenic photosynthesis, used mostly by bacteria, which consume carbon dioxide but do not release oxygen.
You start to sing
So deadly and sweet